[Record ID: OpenI-0] heart size is at the upper limits of normal. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. the lungs remain hyperexpanded. there are biapical opacities, stable from the prior study. no focal airspace consolidation. no significant pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. no focal airspace consolidation. emphysema. stable biapical opacities, possibly scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-1] heart size is at the upper limits of normal. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. the lungs remain hyperexpanded. there are biapical opacities, stable from the prior study. no focal airspace consolidation. no significant pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. no focal airspace consolidation. emphysema. stable biapical opacities, possibly scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-2] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4] lungs are clear. there is minimal atelectasis in the left base. no effusion or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. density foreign body present in the soft tissues overlying the left lateral chest wall. visualized osseous structures intact. minimal atelectasis left base, no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5] lungs are clear. there is minimal atelectasis in the left base. no effusion or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. density foreign body present in the soft tissues overlying the left lateral chest wall. visualized osseous structures intact. minimal atelectasis left base, no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6] lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-7] there are low lung volumes. the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-8] there are low lung volumes. the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-9] no findings. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. the lungs are clear without interval consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative endplate spurring in the mid thoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-10] no findings. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. the lungs are clear without interval consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative endplate spurring in the mid thoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-11] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-12] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-13] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. calcified right upper lobe nodule with a granuloma is again seen but unchanged. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-14] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. calcified right upper lobe nodule with a granuloma is again seen but unchanged. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-15] frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal. there is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax. stable chest, without acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-16] frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal. there is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax. stable chest, without acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-17] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-18] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. there is redemonstration of complete opacification of the right middle lobe no significant associated volume loss. the left lung appears clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. the thoracic spine appears intact. stable right middle lobe consolidation, most consistent with pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-19] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. there is redemonstration of complete opacification of the right middle lobe no significant associated volume loss. the left lung appears clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. the thoracic spine appears intact. stable right middle lobe consolidation, most consistent with pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-20] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-21] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-22] the heart size and cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the obstruction are intact with mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-23] the heart size and cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the obstruction are intact with mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-24] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. small rounded bilateral axillary densities not seen on the previous exam most suggestive of artifacts, healed right lateral 10th rib fracture noted. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-25] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. small rounded bilateral axillary densities not seen on the previous exam most suggestive of artifacts, healed right lateral 10th rib fracture noted. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-26] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lung volumes are low. there is a calcified granuloma in the right hilum. minimal atelectasis or scarring in the left lower lobe. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-27] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lung volumes are low. there is a calcified granuloma in the right hilum. minimal atelectasis or scarring in the left lower lobe. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-28] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-29] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. soft tissues unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-30] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. soft tissues unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-31] sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. no focal consolidation. prominent interstitial markings are again noted which are predominantly lower lobe and peripheral suggesting pulmonary fibrosis. this appearance is overall not significantly. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with atherosclerotic vascular disease. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. overall stable appearance of the chest suggesting pulmonary fibrosis
[Record ID: OpenI-32] sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. no focal consolidation. prominent interstitial markings are again noted which are predominantly lower lobe and peripheral suggesting pulmonary fibrosis. this appearance is overall not significantly. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with atherosclerotic vascular disease. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. overall stable appearance of the chest suggesting pulmonary fibrosis
[Record ID: OpenI-33] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-34] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-35] lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-36] lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-37] stable heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. stable calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. this low lung volumes. no focal airspace disease. low lung volumes, otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-38] no findings. device compatible tracheostomy is in, with tip approximately 56 centimeters above carina. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-39] no findings. device compatible tracheostomy is in, with tip approximately 56 centimeters above carina. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-40] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-41] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-42] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size within normal limits. there is tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta, unchanged. there is right paratracheal thickening and bilateral hilar enlargement corresponding to lymphadenopathy and pulmonary arterial enlargement visualized on chest in. radiographically, the findings are grossly stable. no acute pulmonary abnormality. abnormal appearance of the mediastinum as discussed below
[Record ID: OpenI-43] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size within normal limits. there is tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta, unchanged. there is right paratracheal thickening and bilateral hilar enlargement corresponding to lymphadenopathy and pulmonary arterial enlargement visualized on chest in. radiographically, the findings are grossly stable. no acute pulmonary abnormality. abnormal appearance of the mediastinum as discussed below
[Record ID: OpenI-44] no findings. exam quality limited by hypoventilation and kyphosis. low lung volumes, bibasilar opacities due at in part to atelectasis. abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern, nonspecific in appearance with differential diagnosis including chronic lung disease, interstitial infiltrates, pulmonary edema. right hilar calcifications and dense right lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size near top normal limits for technique, sternotomy, cabg clips, artifact of aortic valve surgery
[Record ID: OpenI-45] no findings. exam quality limited by hypoventilation and kyphosis. low lung volumes, bibasilar opacities due at in part to atelectasis. abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern, nonspecific in appearance with differential diagnosis including chronic lung disease, interstitial infiltrates, pulmonary edema. right hilar calcifications and dense right lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size near top normal limits for technique, sternotomy, cabg clips, artifact of aortic valve surgery
[Record ID: OpenI-46] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-47] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-48] no focal lung consolidation. a density overlying the left costophrenic is due to overlying soft tissues. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-49] no focal lung consolidation. a density overlying the left costophrenic is due to overlying soft tissues. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-50] stable normal cardiac size and contour with unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary. no active airspace diseaseinfiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. calcified granuloma right upper lobe. no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-51] stable normal cardiac size and contour with unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary. no active airspace diseaseinfiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. calcified granuloma right upper lobe. no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-52] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-53] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-54] no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusions. stable calcified granulomas. cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic. no acute osseous abnormality identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-55] cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates normal heart size with tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality identified. multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine noted. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-56] cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates normal heart size with tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality identified. multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine noted. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-57] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-58] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-59] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-60] no findings. persistent but decreasing basilar infiltrates atelectasis. possible small effusions. sternotomy. heart size normal. left ij catheter tip mid svc
[Record ID: OpenI-61] no findings. persistent but decreasing basilar infiltrates atelectasis. possible small effusions. sternotomy. heart size normal. left ij catheter tip mid svc
[Record ID: OpenI-62] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. stable calcification in the left upper lobe, representing a granuloma. no focal airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no radiographic evidence of metastatic disease
[Record ID: OpenI-63] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. stable calcification in the left upper lobe, representing a granuloma. no focal airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no radiographic evidence of metastatic disease
[Record ID: OpenI-64] there are bilateral pulmonary nodules whose appearances suggest metastatic disease to lungs. in the right lung, there is a 9 x 1 cm nodule overlying the posterior right 6th rib. there is a 0 x 2 cm nodule above this in the interspace between the posterior 5th and 6th ribs on the right. there is a 0 x 1 cm nodule projecting through the left 9th and 10th interspaces on the pa view. if not already performed, contrastenhanced would be suited to evaluate these findings. there are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. to the stomach contours appear grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary appear normal. there are leftsided axillary clips. there is a right internal jugular central catheter, the distal tip in right atrium. bilateral pulmonary nodules suggesting pulmonary metastases right internal jugular central catheter, the distal tip in the right atrium
[Record ID: OpenI-65] there are bilateral pulmonary nodules whose appearances suggest metastatic disease to lungs. in the right lung, there is a 9 x 1 cm nodule overlying the posterior right 6th rib. there is a 0 x 2 cm nodule above this in the interspace between the posterior 5th and 6th ribs on the right. there is a 0 x 1 cm nodule projecting through the left 9th and 10th interspaces on the pa view. if not already performed, contrastenhanced would be suited to evaluate these findings. there are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. to the stomach contours appear grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary appear normal. there are leftsided axillary clips. there is a right internal jugular central catheter, the distal tip in right atrium. bilateral pulmonary nodules suggesting pulmonary metastases right internal jugular central catheter, the distal tip in the right atrium
[Record ID: OpenI-66] cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. no visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-67] cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. no visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-68] the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-69] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-70] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-71] no unusual findings. chest. heart size normal lungs are clear. right knee. severe osteoarthritis all 3 compartments
[Record ID: OpenI-72] no unusual findings. chest. heart size normal lungs are clear. right knee. severe osteoarthritis all 3 compartments
[Record ID: OpenI-73] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are hyperexpanded. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-74] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are hyperexpanded. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-75] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-76] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-77] the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there are calcified granulomas at the right perihilar regions appear stable. there are significant degenerative osteophytes of the thoracic spine also appear stable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-78] the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there are calcified granulomas at the right perihilar regions appear stable. there are significant degenerative osteophytes of the thoracic spine also appear stable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-79] pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. there are low lung volumes on the frontal view, which accentuates heart size and lung markings. the heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. mediastinum normal width. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is left lung base atelectasis on frontal secondary to low volumes. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. low lung volumes with crowding. mild left base atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-80] pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. there are low lung volumes on the frontal view, which accentuates heart size and lung markings. the heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. mediastinum normal width. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is left lung base atelectasis on frontal secondary to low volumes. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. low lung volumes with crowding. mild left base atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-81] chest. mildly hyperexpanded lungs. the right lung base is excluded from view. no visualized consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is unremarkable. abdomen. there are multiple air filled nondilated loops of small and large bowel. there is extensive stool seen throughout the descending colon. supine examinations are limited for evaluation of pneumoperitoneum. there is bilateral hip degenerative change. chest no acute cardiopulmonary findings. abdomen nonspecific bowel pattern without evidence of obstruction
[Record ID: OpenI-82] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. there is a discrete 4 cm nodule within the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. the additional nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. bony structures appear intact. right unilateral nipple ring. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. 4 cm right lower lobe nodule, calcified granulomas disease. if patient high for pulmonary malignancy, consider crosssectional imaging to verify
[Record ID: OpenI-83] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. there is a discrete 4 cm nodule within the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. the additional nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. bony structures appear intact. right unilateral nipple ring. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. 4 cm right lower lobe nodule, calcified granulomas disease. if patient high for pulmonary malignancy, consider crosssectional imaging to verify
[Record ID: OpenI-84] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the lung zones are clear. there are no bony abnormalities. unremarkable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-85] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the lung zones are clear. there are no bony abnormalities. unremarkable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-86] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. mild degenerative changes at the lower thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-87] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. mild degenerative changes at the lower thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-88] the heart is enlarged. changes of sternotomy and bypass graft are identified in the lungs are grossly clear. right pleural thickening versus pleural effusion is noted. there is no acute infiltrate. no pneumothorax is seen. mild granulomatous sequela are noted. mild stable cardiomegaly without acute disease. possible right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-89] the heart is enlarged. changes of sternotomy and bypass graft are identified in the lungs are grossly clear. right pleural thickening versus pleural effusion is noted. there is no acute infiltrate. no pneumothorax is seen. mild granulomatous sequela are noted. mild stable cardiomegaly without acute disease. possible right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-90] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-91] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-92] frontal on two cassettes and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-93] frontal on two cassettes and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-94] the heart is borderline in size. the aorta is mildly tortuous. right ij catheter is in with tip in proximal right atriumcavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. lungs are grossly clear. there is no large effusion. right ij catheter tip in proximal right atrium. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-95] the heart is borderline in size. the aorta is mildly tortuous. right ij catheter is in with tip in proximal right atriumcavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. lungs are grossly clear. there is no large effusion. right ij catheter tip in proximal right atrium. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-96] no acute osseous abnormalities. left midlung, and basilar streaky opacity. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. no pneumothorax. small calcified 8 cm granuloma adjacent to the right diaphragm within the right chest. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute osseous abnormalities. if continued clinical concern for rib fracture dedicated rib films will be helpful. left midlung, and left basilar streaky opacity may represent atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-97] no acute osseous abnormalities. left midlung, and basilar streaky opacity. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. no pneumothorax. small calcified 8 cm granuloma adjacent to the right diaphragm within the right chest. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute osseous abnormalities. if continued clinical concern for rib fracture dedicated rib films will be helpful. left midlung, and left basilar streaky opacity may represent atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-98] left picc line and ng tube remain in. heart size and vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. small bilateral pleural effusions are present. no pneumothorax is noted. small bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-99] left picc line and ng tube remain in. heart size and vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. small bilateral pleural effusions are present. no pneumothorax is noted. small bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-100] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-101] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-102] no findings. three total images. heart size is normal. tortuous aorta including mildly ectatic appearing ascending aorta. no comparisons are available to evaluate stability. normal pulmonary vascularity. no focal infiltrates or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-103] no findings. three total images. heart size is normal. tortuous aorta including mildly ectatic appearing ascending aorta. no comparisons are available to evaluate stability. normal pulmonary vascularity. no focal infiltrates or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-104] no unusual findings. no active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-105] no unusual findings. no active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-106] the heart is mild enlarged. central pulmonary vascularity is again accentuated. there are also mild increased interstitial markings without focal consolidation or pleural effusion. mild stable cardiomegaly with mild central pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial accentuation, edema
[Record ID: OpenI-107] the heart is mild enlarged. central pulmonary vascularity is again accentuated. there are also mild increased interstitial markings without focal consolidation or pleural effusion. mild stable cardiomegaly with mild central pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial accentuation, edema
[Record ID: OpenI-108] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-109] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-110] there are postoperative changes of sternotomy and cabg. there is stable mild cardiomegaly. there are scattered of subsegmental atelectasis, decreased from the prior chest radiograph. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. scattered bilateral subsegmental atelectasis. decreased from prior radiograph. stable mild cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-111] there are postoperative changes of sternotomy and cabg. there is stable mild cardiomegaly. there are scattered of subsegmental atelectasis, decreased from the prior chest radiograph. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. scattered bilateral subsegmental atelectasis. decreased from prior radiograph. stable mild cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-112] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-113] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-114] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-115] no unusual findings. left knee. moderately severe medial joint space narrowing and spurring. chest. heart size normal. lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-116] no unusual findings. left knee. moderately severe medial joint space narrowing and spurring. chest. heart size normal. lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-117] sternotomy and mediastinal postsurgical changes. stable cardiomegaly. crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings related to low lung volumes and technique. grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation. sternotomy and mediastinal postsurgical changes. stable cardiomegaly. crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings related to low lung volumes and technique. grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-118] sternotomy and mediastinal postsurgical changes. stable cardiomegaly. crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings related to low lung volumes and technique. grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation. sternotomy and mediastinal postsurgical changes. stable cardiomegaly. crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings related to low lung volumes and technique. grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-119] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-120] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-121] the lungs appear hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. calcified granuloma is identified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. hyperexpanded lungs. the pattern suggests emphysema. no evidence of acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-122] the lungs appear hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. calcified granuloma is identified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. hyperexpanded lungs. the pattern suggests emphysema. no evidence of acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-123] there are postsurgical and postradiation changes of the left lung with a spiculated, hyperdense scar in the left upper thorax. there is a loss of lung volume on the left due to postsurgical change. deviation towards the left. right lung is hyperexpanded. the right lung is clear. heart size and vascularity within normal limits. postsurgical and postradiation changes on the left with no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-124] there are postsurgical and postradiation changes of the left lung with a spiculated, hyperdense scar in the left upper thorax. there is a loss of lung volume on the left due to postsurgical change. deviation towards the left. right lung is hyperexpanded. the right lung is clear. heart size and vascularity within normal limits. postsurgical and postradiation changes on the left with no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-125] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. aortic calcifications and tortuosity. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-126] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. aortic calcifications and tortuosity. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-127] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. prior cholecystectomy. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-128] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. prior cholecystectomy. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-129] there is mild opacification over both, secondary to soft tissue attenuation. there are no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. trachea is midline. no free subdiaphragmatic air. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-130] there is mild opacification over both, secondary to soft tissue attenuation. there are no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. trachea is midline. no free subdiaphragmatic air. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-131] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-132] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-133] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-134] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-135] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-136] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-137] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-138] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-139] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal. mild lung hyperexpansion, otherwise clear
[Record ID: OpenI-140] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal. mild lung hyperexpansion, otherwise clear
[Record ID: OpenI-141] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are hyperinflated but clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-142] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are hyperinflated but clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-143] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild emphysematous changes without focal consolidation. there is no pleural effusion. lingular scarring or atelectasis noted. emphysema without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-144] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild emphysematous changes without focal consolidation. there is no pleural effusion. lingular scarring or atelectasis noted. emphysema without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-145] mediastinal contours are normal. heart size is within normal limits. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-146] mediastinal contours are normal. heart size is within normal limits. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-147] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-148] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-149] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-150] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-151] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-152] spinal stimulator in. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-153] spinal stimulator in. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-154] heart size is upper limits of normal. mediastinal contours and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal infiltrate or suspicious pulmonary opacity. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is a lucency along the peripheral right lung base, secondary to a skin fold. no acute bony findings. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-155] heart size is upper limits of normal. mediastinal contours and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal infiltrate or suspicious pulmonary opacity. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is a lucency along the peripheral right lung base, secondary to a skin fold. no acute bony findings. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-156] no findings. the lungs are hypoinflated. there is focal airspace disease in the right lung base concerning for pneumonia or aspiration. there is minimal airspace disease in the left lung base, atelectasis. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size is normal
[Record ID: OpenI-157] clear lungs. heart and pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-158] clear lungs. heart and pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-159] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-160] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-161] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-162] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-163] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs besides scattered calcified granulomas. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-164] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs besides scattered calcified granulomas. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-165] 2 images. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. there are finding status post sternotomy and cabg. atelectasis or scar is noted within the left midlung. there is blunting of the left costophrenic. no pneumothorax. cardiomegaly. minimal left midlung atelectasis. blunting of left costophrenic. this could indicate a small amount of pleural fluid versus pleuralparenchymal scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-166] 2 images. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. there are finding status post sternotomy and cabg. atelectasis or scar is noted within the left midlung. there is blunting of the left costophrenic. no pneumothorax. cardiomegaly. minimal left midlung atelectasis. blunting of left costophrenic. this could indicate a small amount of pleural fluid versus pleuralparenchymal scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-167] no findings. senescent changes with sternotomy. some focal subsegmental atelectasis suggested on lateral view, probably involving the basilar portion of the right middle lobe. no acute airspace disease, effusions, or chf. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-168] no findings. senescent changes with sternotomy. some focal subsegmental atelectasis suggested on lateral view, probably involving the basilar portion of the right middle lobe. no acute airspace disease, effusions, or chf. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-169] heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-170] heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-171] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-172] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-173] lungs are relatively clear. heart size normal. unfolded aorta. moderate hiatal hernia. tspine osteophytes and dish. moderate hiatal hernia. no definite pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-174] lungs are relatively clear. heart size normal. unfolded aorta. moderate hiatal hernia. tspine osteophytes and dish. moderate hiatal hernia. no definite pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-175] eventration of the left diaphragm is noted. question left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate. no evidence of pneumothorax. generalized lung volumes. no definite pleural effusions. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact. generalized low lung lungs with eventration of the left hemidiaphragm. question concomitant left basilar opacity, may represent atelectasis or infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-176] eventration of the left diaphragm is noted. question left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate. no evidence of pneumothorax. generalized lung volumes. no definite pleural effusions. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact. generalized low lung lungs with eventration of the left hemidiaphragm. question concomitant left basilar opacity, may represent atelectasis or infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-177] the lungs are clear. heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear and mediastinal contours are normal. nodular density overlying the anterior left 4th rib represents a healing rib fracture. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-178] degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. heart size normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. low lung volumes. unremarkable examination of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-179] degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. heart size normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. low lung volumes. unremarkable examination of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-180] lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-181] lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-182] no findings. slightly enlarged heart. no effusions. no edema. no nodules or masses. aortic calcification. aortic is normal size. lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-183] no findings. slightly enlarged heart. no effusions. no edema. no nodules or masses. aortic calcification. aortic is normal size. lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-184] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. airspace disease within the left lower lung. the remainder of the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. surgical clips overlying the right breast. left lower lobe airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-185] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. airspace disease within the left lower lung. the remainder of the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. surgical clips overlying the right breast. left lower lobe airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-186] mild cardiomegaly. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. costophrenic are. there is increased kyphotic curvature of the thoracic spine. within the heart, there is a small area of ovalshaped density measuring 2 x 6 cm without correction for magnification. there is a calcified lymph node in the right hilum. no pneumothorax. lingular nodule measuring 2 x 6 cm. recommend to further evaluate. the above findings and recommendations were discussed with at p.m., telephone
[Record ID: OpenI-187] mild cardiomegaly. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. costophrenic are. there is increased kyphotic curvature of the thoracic spine. within the heart, there is a small area of ovalshaped density measuring 2 x 6 cm without correction for magnification. there is a calcified lymph node in the right hilum. no pneumothorax. lingular nodule measuring 2 x 6 cm. recommend to further evaluate. the above findings and recommendations were discussed with at p.m., telephone
[Record ID: OpenI-188] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-189] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-190] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-191] mild cardiomegaly. tortuous thoracic aorta with atherosclerosis. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine without evidence of deformity. the visualized osseous structures are intact. no displaced rib fractures. no edema or airspace consolidation. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-192] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-193] no findings. right lung clear. catheter tip in upper svc. heart size appears normal. patient is a large left effusion extending up to the level of the aortic. the ordering physician was notified of this finding at the time of the exam and she is trying to arrange admission to for dyspnea evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-194] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-195] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is an obliquely oriented lucency through the posterior right 12th rib. acute obliquely oriented lucency through the right 12th posterior rib, concerning for acute fracture. recommend correlation with side of tenderness. no other fractures are identified. if there is high clinical concern, recommend further evaluation with dedicated views of the right ribs
[Record ID: OpenI-196] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is an obliquely oriented lucency through the posterior right 12th rib. acute obliquely oriented lucency through the right 12th posterior rib, concerning for acute fracture. recommend correlation with side of tenderness. no other fractures are identified. if there is high clinical concern, recommend further evaluation with dedicated views of the right ribs
[Record ID: OpenI-197] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. tortuous aorta. prominent first ribs. no nodules, masses, or adenopathy
[Record ID: OpenI-198] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. tortuous aorta. prominent first ribs. no nodules, masses, or adenopathy
[Record ID: OpenI-199] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-200] heart size and vascularity normal. external contour normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-201] heart size and vascularity normal. external contour normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-202] postsurgical changes of sternotomy with screw fixation of anterior plates. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. no focal consolidation, suspicious bony opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. interval postsurgical changes of sternotomy without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-203] postsurgical changes of sternotomy with screw fixation of anterior plates. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. no focal consolidation, suspicious bony opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. interval postsurgical changes of sternotomy without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-204] limited exam as the left costophrenic is excluded from the pa view. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. mild lung hyperinflation. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there is large calcified granuloma within the medial right lung base. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. mild multilevel degenerative changes seen within the thoracic spine. no visible acute fracture. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. mild hyperinflation
[Record ID: OpenI-205] limited exam as the left costophrenic is excluded from the pa view. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. mild lung hyperinflation. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there is large calcified granuloma within the medial right lung base. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. mild multilevel degenerative changes seen within the thoracic spine. no visible acute fracture. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. mild hyperinflation
[Record ID: OpenI-206] heart size within normal limits. trachea is midline. the lung volumes are is somewhat low. both lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. no pleural effusion. no pulmonary nodules visualized. no pulmonary nodules. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-207] heart size within normal limits. trachea is midline. the lung volumes are is somewhat low. both lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. no pleural effusion. no pulmonary nodules visualized. no pulmonary nodules. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-208] the lungs appear clear. the thoracic aorta remains tortuous. the presence of an aortic aneurysm cannot be excluded on this study. a there are calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph suggesting prior histoplasmosis infection. the pleural spaces are clear. stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. the presence of an underlying aneurysm cannot be excluded. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-209] the lungs appear clear. the thoracic aorta remains tortuous. the presence of an aortic aneurysm cannot be excluded on this study. a there are calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph suggesting prior histoplasmosis infection. the pleural spaces are clear. stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. the presence of an underlying aneurysm cannot be excluded. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-210] heart is mildly enlarged but stable. pulmonary vascularity is normal. the patient is status post valve replacement. sternotomy intact. no focal airspace disease or effusion. residuals of prior granulomatous infection. degenerative change of the spine. no pneumothorax. stable cardiomegaly without evidence for acute pulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-211] heart is mildly enlarged but stable. pulmonary vascularity is normal. the patient is status post valve replacement. sternotomy intact. no focal airspace disease or effusion. residuals of prior granulomatous infection. degenerative change of the spine. no pneumothorax. stable cardiomegaly without evidence for acute pulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-212] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. a rightsided mediport catheter is noted. no pleural effusion is identified. no focal lung infiltrates
[Record ID: OpenI-213] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. a rightsided mediport catheter is noted. no pleural effusion is identified. no focal lung infiltrates
[Record ID: OpenI-214] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-215] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-216] no findings. stable appearance of scarring in the right upper lung associated with numerous granulomas. there are calcified right hilar lymph as. opacities in the left lung base, atelectasis or scarring low lung volumes no focal air space opacities to suggest pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-217] no findings. stable appearance of scarring in the right upper lung associated with numerous granulomas. there are calcified right hilar lymph as. opacities in the left lung base, atelectasis or scarring low lung volumes no focal air space opacities to suggest pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-218] no findings. heart size normal. sternotomy and bypass grafting. lungs are clear. no effusions, edema, or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-219] no findings. heart size normal. sternotomy and bypass grafting. lungs are clear. no effusions, edema, or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-220] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are stable and within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically, no radiographic evidence of active tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-221] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are stable and within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically, no radiographic evidence of active tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-222] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-223] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-224] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. a calcified granuloma is identified in the peripheral aspect of the left lower lobe. calcified lymph are identified in left hilar region. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-225] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. a calcified granuloma is identified in the peripheral aspect of the left lower lobe. calcified lymph are identified in left hilar region. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-226] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-227] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-228] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-229] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-230] the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-231] the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-232] no unusual findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-233] no unusual findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-234] heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. calcified granuloma in the left lung base. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-235] heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. calcified granuloma in the left lung base. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-236] there has been interval performance of cabg with multiple sternotomy, surgical clips, and cabg markers. all of the sternotomy are broken, and a fragment at a sternotomy appears to within the left posterior pleural space. stable cardiomegaly and central pulmonary vascular prominence. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm noted. no acute bony abnormality. cardiomegaly with surgical changes of cabg, with numerous broken sternotomy and a sternotomy fragment noted in the posterior left pleural space
[Record ID: OpenI-237] there has been interval performance of cabg with multiple sternotomy, surgical clips, and cabg markers. all of the sternotomy are broken, and a fragment at a sternotomy appears to within the left posterior pleural space. stable cardiomegaly and central pulmonary vascular prominence. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm noted. no acute bony abnormality. cardiomegaly with surgical changes of cabg, with numerous broken sternotomy and a sternotomy fragment noted in the posterior left pleural space
[Record ID: OpenI-238] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no effusions. no pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-239] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. coarsened interstitial testes appear chronic and compatible with emphysema. there is minimal scarring or atelectasis in the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise clear of focal infiltrate, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. chronic changes of emphysema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-240] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. coarsened interstitial testes appear chronic and compatible with emphysema. there is minimal scarring or atelectasis in the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise clear of focal infiltrate, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. chronic changes of emphysema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-241] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the patient was shielded. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-242] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the patient was shielded. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-243] heart size is normal in cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no consolidations. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. and soft tissues are unremarkable. lungs are hyperinflated. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-244] heart size is normal in cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no consolidations. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. and soft tissues are unremarkable. lungs are hyperinflated. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-245] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic on the frontal view. there is also mild obscuration of the right cardiac. airspace disease in expected location of right middle lobe also noted on the lateral view to no pleural effusion. left lung clear. degenerative changes spine. no pneumothorax. right middle lobe airspace disease, which could represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting
[Record ID: OpenI-246] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic on the frontal view. there is also mild obscuration of the right cardiac. airspace disease in expected location of right middle lobe also noted on the lateral view to no pleural effusion. left lung clear. degenerative changes spine. no pneumothorax. right middle lobe airspace disease, which could represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting
[Record ID: OpenI-247] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute, displaced rib fractures. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-248] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute, displaced rib fractures. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-249] streaky opacity is noted within the left lung base which may represent focal area of atelectasis. right lung is grossly clear. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. left lower lobe atelectasis otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-250] streaky opacity is noted within the left lung base which may represent focal area of atelectasis. right lung is grossly clear. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. left lower lobe atelectasis otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-251] the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-252] the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-253] there are diffuse increased interstitial markings, suggestive of pulmonary fibrosis in bilateral lung. the fibrosis appears to slightly increased compared to previous examination, in. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. the heart size is normal. redemonstrated pulmonary fibrosis without evidence for acute infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-254] there are diffuse increased interstitial markings, suggestive of pulmonary fibrosis in bilateral lung. the fibrosis appears to slightly increased compared to previous examination, in. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. the heart size is normal. redemonstrated pulmonary fibrosis without evidence for acute infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-255] hyperlucent hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms. granulomas. small sized heart. minimal apical capping slightly greater at the left. unremarkable. appearance suggests emphysema. apical capping, slightly greater at the left. recommend comparison with prior films or followup chest films to confirm stability and approximately 4 months in. critical result notification documented through primordial
[Record ID: OpenI-256] hyperlucent hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms. granulomas. small sized heart. minimal apical capping slightly greater at the left. unremarkable. appearance suggests emphysema. apical capping, slightly greater at the left. recommend comparison with prior films or followup chest films to confirm stability and approximately 4 months in. critical result notification documented through primordial
[Record ID: OpenI-257] no findings. stable position of the aortic stent with a normal cardiac silhouette and clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-258] no findings. stable position of the aortic stent with a normal cardiac silhouette and clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-259] there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding as a result. no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no free subdiaphragmatic air. low lung volumes. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-260] there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding as a result. no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no free subdiaphragmatic air. low lung volumes. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-261] the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart and mediastinum are normal. arthritic changes of the spine are present. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-262] the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart and mediastinum are normal. arthritic changes of the spine are present. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-263] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues have a normal appearance. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-264] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues have a normal appearance. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-265] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-266] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-267] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-268] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-269] the patchy right lower lobe and left lower lobe interstitial infiltrates are largely unchanged in the interval. no infiltrates. heart size remains large. tracheostomy tube remains in the trachea. a right central line has its tip at the superior. persistent cardiomegaly and patchy bibasilar interstitial disease
[Record ID: OpenI-270] the patchy right lower lobe and left lower lobe interstitial infiltrates are largely unchanged in the interval. no infiltrates. heart size remains large. tracheostomy tube remains in the trachea. a right central line has its tip at the superior. persistent cardiomegaly and patchy bibasilar interstitial disease
[Record ID: OpenI-271] lungs are clear. heart size normal. scattered thoracic spine spurring. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-272] lungs are clear. heart size normal. scattered thoracic spine spurring. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-273] the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-274] the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-275] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are mildly hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-276] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-277] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-278] there is hyperinflation lungs due to small calcification is seen posteriorly in the right which may be pleural. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. copd. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-279] there is hyperinflation lungs due to small calcification is seen posteriorly in the right which may be pleural. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. copd. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-280] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there are calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-281] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there are calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-282] the heart is significantly enlarged. prominent pulmonary vascularity. no focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, or definite pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact. cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular congestion. no edema
[Record ID: OpenI-283] the heart is significantly enlarged. prominent pulmonary vascularity. no focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, or definite pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact. cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular congestion. no edema
[Record ID: OpenI-284] no findings. stable cardiomegaly with large hiatal hernia. the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-285] no findings. stable cardiomegaly with large hiatal hernia. the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-286] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative preoperative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-287] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative preoperative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-288] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-289] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-290] stable obscuration of the left cardiac, representing left pleural thickening. stable nodular opacity within the left midlung. the lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-291] stable obscuration of the left cardiac, representing left pleural thickening. stable nodular opacity within the left midlung. the lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-292] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified lymph and granuloma are noted. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-293] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified lymph and granuloma are noted. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-294] again noted and is blunting of the right pleural space, a effusion or scarring. opacity in the right lung base also appears unchanged, scarring. heart size appears normal, improved from prior study. there is no vascular congestion or edema. there is no pneumothorax. stable right basilar scarring and right pleural thickening
[Record ID: OpenI-295] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. emphysematous changes are identified. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion. emphysema without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-296] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. emphysematous changes are identified. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion. emphysema without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-297] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. calcified lingular pulmonary granuloma. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-298] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. calcified lingular pulmonary granuloma. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-299] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. retrocardiac soft tissue density is present. there appears to be air within this which could suggest that this represents a hiatal hernia. vascular calcification is noted. calcified granuloma is seen. there has been interval development of bandlike opacity in the left lung base. this may represent atelectasis. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. osteopenia is present in the spine. retrocardiac soft tissue density. the appearance suggests hiatal hernia. left base bandlike opacity. the appearance suggests atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-300] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. small tspine osteophytes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-301] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. small tspine osteophytes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-302] mild cardiomegaly. changes of chronic lung disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. accentuated thoracic kyphosis. chronic lung disease with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-303] mild cardiomegaly. changes of chronic lung disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. accentuated thoracic kyphosis. chronic lung disease with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-304] the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are wellinflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. the bony structures of the thorax are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-305] the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are wellinflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. the bony structures of the thorax are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-306] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-307] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-308] low lung volumes bilaterally with central bronchovascular crowding without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces.. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. low lung volumes bilaterally with central bronchovascular crowding without focal cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-309] low lung volumes bilaterally with central bronchovascular crowding without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces.. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. low lung volumes bilaterally with central bronchovascular crowding without focal cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-310] no findings. heart size is normal. mildly tortuous aorta, otherwise mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation of pneumonia, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. couple of nodules in the left base are calcified sequela of old granulomatous disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-311] no findings. heart size is normal. mildly tortuous aorta, otherwise mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation of pneumonia, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. couple of nodules in the left base are calcified sequela of old granulomatous disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-312] no findings. anticipated senescent changes with grossly clear lungs. no effusions or chf identified. a few scant reticular opacities in right lung base hypoventilation and foci of subsegmental atelectasis. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-313] no findings. anticipated senescent changes with grossly clear lungs. no effusions or chf identified. a few scant reticular opacities in right lung base hypoventilation and foci of subsegmental atelectasis. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-314] heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no acute bony changes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-315] heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no acute bony changes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-316] postop changes of cabg with mild cardiomegaly. there is an infiltrate in the right lower lobe. thoracic spondylosis. right lower lobe infiltrate. in the appropriate clinical setting this appearance is compatible with pneumonia. consider followup pa and lateral chest in 46 weeks to ensure resolution and exclude an underlying mass
[Record ID: OpenI-317] postop changes of cabg with mild cardiomegaly. there is an infiltrate in the right lower lobe. thoracic spondylosis. right lower lobe infiltrate. in the appropriate clinical setting this appearance is compatible with pneumonia. consider followup pa and lateral chest in 46 weeks to ensure resolution and exclude an underlying mass
[Record ID: OpenI-318] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal. old rib fractures, healed. stable increased density overlying the lower mediastinum, unchanged, is due to hiatal hernia seen on examination. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-319] heart size is within normal limits for ap technique. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal infiltrate. no visible pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. low lung volumes with grossly clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-320] heart size is within normal limits for ap technique. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal infiltrate. no visible pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. low lung volumes with grossly clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-321] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-322] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-323] interval resolution of the left pleural effusion. lungs are grossly clear. postsurgical changes from cabg are noted. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are visualized. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-324] interval resolution of the left pleural effusion. lungs are grossly clear. postsurgical changes from cabg are noted. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are visualized. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-325] moderate cardiomegaly with narrowed severe mediastinal contours. been sternotomy noted. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. moderate cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-326] moderate cardiomegaly with narrowed severe mediastinal contours. been sternotomy noted. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. moderate cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-327] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no cavitary lesions. are grossly unremarkable. clear lungs. no radiographic evidence of active tb
[Record ID: OpenI-328] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no cavitary lesions. are grossly unremarkable. clear lungs. no radiographic evidence of active tb
[Record ID: OpenI-329] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-330] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-331] prominent interstitial markings. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. prominent interstitial markings, represent bronchiolitis. no focal areas of consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-332] prominent interstitial markings. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. prominent interstitial markings, represent bronchiolitis. no focal areas of consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-333] the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-334] the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-335] borderline heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. no active pulmonary disease. mild spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-336] borderline heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. no active pulmonary disease. mild spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-337] there is widening of the mediastinum. there is moderate cardiomegaly identified. the central pulmonary appear enlarged. correlate for pulmonary vascular congestion. no focal infiltrate. no large effusion or pneumothorax. moderate increase in size of the cardiac silhouette. unclear whether this is secondary to cardiomegaly or pericardial effusion. pulmonary vascular congestion. widened mediastinum. maybe secondary to prominent mediastinal fat or tortuous. however, adenopathy, or mass is not excluded. ct of the chest with contrast is recommended for further evaluation of these findings
[Record ID: OpenI-338] there is widening of the mediastinum. there is moderate cardiomegaly identified. the central pulmonary appear enlarged. correlate for pulmonary vascular congestion. no focal infiltrate. no large effusion or pneumothorax. moderate increase in size of the cardiac silhouette. unclear whether this is secondary to cardiomegaly or pericardial effusion. pulmonary vascular congestion. widened mediastinum. maybe secondary to prominent mediastinal fat or tortuous. however, adenopathy, or mass is not excluded. ct of the chest with contrast is recommended for further evaluation of these findings
[Record ID: OpenI-339] borderline cardiac enlargement. enlarged calcified thoracic aorta. emphysema. no acute pulmonary abnormality. mild spondylosis. emphysema. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-340] borderline cardiac enlargement. enlarged calcified thoracic aorta. emphysema. no acute pulmonary abnormality. mild spondylosis. emphysema. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-341] there is an ovoid opacity 5 cm in the retrocardiac area on ap view, not wellseen on the lateral view, a dedicated scan is recommended. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. the heart is normal in size. no hilar lymphadenopathy. no destructive bony lesions. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. an ovoid opacity in the left retrocardiac area, could be projectional or solid mass, further study is recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-342] there is an ovoid opacity 5 cm in the retrocardiac area on ap view, not wellseen on the lateral view, a dedicated scan is recommended. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. the heart is normal in size. no hilar lymphadenopathy. no destructive bony lesions. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. an ovoid opacity in the left retrocardiac area, could be projectional or solid mass, further study is recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-343] heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-344] heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-345] no findings. comparison, bilateral calcified granulomas and some left basilar scarring as before. clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-346] no findings. comparison, bilateral calcified granulomas and some left basilar scarring as before. clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-347] heart, mediastinum,, bony structures and lung are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-348] heart, mediastinum,, bony structures and lung are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-349] heart size is mildly enlarged. tortuous aorta. lungs are normally inflated and clear. mild degenerative changes of the spine. chronic changes without acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-350] heart size is mildly enlarged. tortuous aorta. lungs are normally inflated and clear. mild degenerative changes of the spine. chronic changes without acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-351] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-352] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-353] no findings. left picc in the mid svc. negative for pneumothorax. unchanged bibasilar airspace opacities compatible with pulmonary effusions and atelectasis. increased interstitial prominence may reflect underlying pulmonary edema possibly secondary to infectious etiology. stable postsurgical changes of the distal right clavicle
[Record ID: OpenI-354] no findings. left picc in the mid svc. negative for pneumothorax. unchanged bibasilar airspace opacities compatible with pulmonary effusions and atelectasis. increased interstitial prominence may reflect underlying pulmonary edema possibly secondary to infectious etiology. stable postsurgical changes of the distal right clavicle
[Record ID: OpenI-355] heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. cardiac defibrillator generator projects over the left mid lateral lung. no visible pneumothorax or pleural effusion. minimal streaky airspace opacities in the lower lobes. cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. minimal bibasilar opacities which may reflect atelectasis or infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-356] heart size is within normal limits. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-357] heart size is within normal limits. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-358] mildly low lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal air space disease. persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. stable appearance of the chest without focal air space disease
[Record ID: OpenI-359] mildly low lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal air space disease. persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. stable appearance of the chest without focal air space disease
[Record ID: OpenI-360] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there are multiple calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-361] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there are multiple calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-362] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-363] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-364] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-365] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-366] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-367] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-368] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-369] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-370] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-371] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-372] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there is a streaky opacity within the right upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. right upper lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-373] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there is a streaky opacity within the right upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. right upper lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-374] heart size normal. tortuous aorta. sequela primary granulomatous disease. lungs clear. minimal spurring in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-375] heart size normal. tortuous aorta. sequela primary granulomatous disease. lungs clear. minimal spurring in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-376] postsurgical changes are noted in the mediastinum. there is tortuosity andor ectasia of the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta. no consolidative airspace opacities. blunting of the lateral and posterior left costophrenic sulcus may represent residual postsurgical effusion or pleuralparenchymal scarring. no demonstrable pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. multilevel anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine. small left basilar parenchymal scarring andor effusion. postsurgical changes of the mediastinum. otherwise unremarkable chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-377] postsurgical changes are noted in the mediastinum. there is tortuosity andor ectasia of the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta. no consolidative airspace opacities. blunting of the lateral and posterior left costophrenic sulcus may represent residual postsurgical effusion or pleuralparenchymal scarring. no demonstrable pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. multilevel anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine. small left basilar parenchymal scarring andor effusion. postsurgical changes of the mediastinum. otherwise unremarkable chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-378] heart size is normal. prior calcified granulomatous disease. on the lateral view in the anterior costophrenic, there is a 1 x 2 cm nodular density which seems to be present previously but is more nodular in appearance on this examination. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. endplate degenerative changes of the thoracolumbar spine and mild scoliosis are unchanged. 1 cm nodular density in the anterior costophrenic on the lateral view, which could represent overlapping shadows or actual pulmonary nodule. recommend followup with chest ct
[Record ID: OpenI-379] heart size is normal. prior calcified granulomatous disease. on the lateral view in the anterior costophrenic, there is a 1 x 2 cm nodular density which seems to be present previously but is more nodular in appearance on this examination. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. endplate degenerative changes of the thoracolumbar spine and mild scoliosis are unchanged. 1 cm nodular density in the anterior costophrenic on the lateral view, which could represent overlapping shadows or actual pulmonary nodule. recommend followup with chest ct
[Record ID: OpenI-380] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-381] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-382] 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-383] 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-384] cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-385] cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-386] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-387] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-388] no findings. heart size mildly enlarged for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-389] no findings. heart size mildly enlarged for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-390] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-391] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-392] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-393] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-394] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-395] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-396] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size in appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are diffuse, bilateral interstitial opacities, with b lines demonstrated. small amount of subpleural edema is demonstrated in the fissures. there is mild blunting of both posterior costophrenic sulci, which may reflect effusions. negative for pneumothorax. limited evaluation reveals the the grossly intact. heart failure with pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-397] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size in appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are diffuse, bilateral interstitial opacities, with b lines demonstrated. small amount of subpleural edema is demonstrated in the fissures. there is mild blunting of both posterior costophrenic sulci, which may reflect effusions. negative for pneumothorax. limited evaluation reveals the the grossly intact. heart failure with pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-398] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is minimal opacity in the lung bases. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-399] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is minimal opacity in the lung bases. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-400] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-401] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-402] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcifications are present in the aortic. no acute pulmonary abnormality. mild cardiomegaly, atherosclerotic disease
[Record ID: OpenI-403] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcifications are present in the aortic. no acute pulmonary abnormality. mild cardiomegaly, atherosclerotic disease
[Record ID: OpenI-404] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-405] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. fracturedislocation of the right shoulder. bone demineralization. scoliosis which is possibly positional. clear lungs. fracturedislocation of the proximal right shoulder
[Record ID: OpenI-406] cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. again demonstrated are biapical bullous emphysematous changes. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. mild multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable bullous emphysematous changes
[Record ID: OpenI-407] cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. again demonstrated are biapical bullous emphysematous changes. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. mild multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable bullous emphysematous changes
[Record ID: OpenI-408] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. stable 5 mm calcified left midlung granuloma. calcified aortic
[Record ID: OpenI-409] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. stable 5 mm calcified left midlung granuloma. calcified aortic
[Record ID: OpenI-410] low lung volumes. heart size normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-411] low lung volumes. heart size normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-412] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-413] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-414] the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-415] the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-416] frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. cardiac silhouette at the upper limits of normal in size. tortuous ectatic aorta. the aortic is near 5 cm in diameter. there is a retrocardiac left paraspinal bulge concerning for a descending thoracic aortic aneurysm. there is biapical scarring. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. spine spondylitic changes. stable aneurysmal enlargement of the and descending aorta. chest cta could be obtained as a. borderline heart size. no acute pulmonary disease process
[Record ID: OpenI-417] frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. cardiac silhouette at the upper limits of normal in size. tortuous ectatic aorta. the aortic is near 5 cm in diameter. there is a retrocardiac left paraspinal bulge concerning for a descending thoracic aortic aneurysm. there is biapical scarring. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. spine spondylitic changes. stable aneurysmal enlargement of the and descending aorta. chest cta could be obtained as a. borderline heart size. no acute pulmonary disease process
[Record ID: OpenI-418] there is a leftsided biventricular pacemaker. leads overlie the right ventricle and a lateral cardiac vein. the leads appear intact. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. there are mild diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities, pulmonary edema. there are opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal view. no large pleural effusion is seen on the lateral view. no pneumothorax is identified. leftsided biventricular cardiac pacemaker. leads appear intact. no pneumothorax. cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema. opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal view, possibly lingular atelectasis or infiltrate. no large pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-419] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified left midlung 5 mm granuloma and left hilar granulomas. no effusions. no nodules or masses. no pneumonia. no bony abnormalities. status post left shoulder replacement
[Record ID: OpenI-420] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified left midlung 5 mm granuloma and left hilar granulomas. no effusions. no nodules or masses. no pneumonia. no bony abnormalities. status post left shoulder replacement
[Record ID: OpenI-421] the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-422] the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-423] heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. moderate severe hyperexpansion of the lungs and decreased peripheral vascular markings, consistent with emphysema. stable biapical pleuralparenchymal scarring. scattered granulomas. no abnormal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable emphysematous changes. stable biapical pleuralparenchymal scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-424] heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. moderate severe hyperexpansion of the lungs and decreased peripheral vascular markings, consistent with emphysema. stable biapical pleuralparenchymal scarring. scattered granulomas. no abnormal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable emphysematous changes. stable biapical pleuralparenchymal scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-425] no findings. no pneumothorax. pacemaker defibrillator tips in the right atrium, right ventricle and a coronary vein. heart size normal. lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-426] no findings. stable rightsided cardiac generator. interval placement of right internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the low svc. no evidence of pneumothorax. generalized low lung volumes. bibasilar and right midlung pulmonary opacities, atelectatic changes. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette
[Record ID: OpenI-427] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-428] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-429] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. upper thorax is poorly visualized due to patients overlying head and chin. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. background of mild coarse interstitial opacities seen throughout the lungs related to background of emphysema. calcified granuloma is seen in the left medial lung base. there is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. deformity of the right 6th rib laterally has appearance of acute or subacute fracture. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are again seen. age indeterminant but acute to subacute right 6th rib fracture
[Record ID: OpenI-430] the heart size is within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is tortuous, stable from the prior radiograph. aortic stent graft overlies the descending thoracic aorta and upper abdominal aorta, grossly stable from the prior chest radiograph. there are scattered calcified granulomas. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the left hemidiaphragm remains mildly elevated. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-431] the heart size is within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is tortuous, stable from the prior radiograph. aortic stent graft overlies the descending thoracic aorta and upper abdominal aorta, grossly stable from the prior chest radiograph. there are scattered calcified granulomas. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the left hemidiaphragm remains mildly elevated. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-432] there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-433] there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-434] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. left hemidiaphragm is elevated. elevated left diaphragm. no focal airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-435] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are wellaerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-436] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are wellaerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-437] no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-438] no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-439] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-440] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-441] pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within limits. postoperative changes from spinal rods are demonstrated. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. multiple colonic loops are demonstrated in the left upper quadrant. the lungs are clear bilaterally. left humeral head is positioned anterior and inferior to the glenoid, concerning for anterior shoulder subluxation. no active cardiopulmonary disease. left humeral head is positioned anterior and inferior to the glenoid, concerning for anterior shoulder subluxation. this is related to the muscular dystrophy and decreased shoulder muscles support. postoperative changes from the spinal placement
[Record ID: OpenI-442] pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within limits. postoperative changes from spinal rods are demonstrated. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. multiple colonic loops are demonstrated in the left upper quadrant. the lungs are clear bilaterally. left humeral head is positioned anterior and inferior to the glenoid, concerning for anterior shoulder subluxation. no active cardiopulmonary disease. left humeral head is positioned anterior and inferior to the glenoid, concerning for anterior shoulder subluxation. this is related to the muscular dystrophy and decreased shoulder muscles support. postoperative changes from the spinal placement
[Record ID: OpenI-443] heart size within normal limits. streaky airspace disease is demonstrated on the lateral examination. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. streaky air space disease may represent infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-444] heart size within normal limits. streaky airspace disease is demonstrated on the lateral examination. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. streaky air space disease may represent infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-445] no findings. suggestion of slightly more prominent interstitial markings, which may represent some bronchiticbronchiolitis changes. no suspicious nodules, pneumonia, effusions, or chf. stable mediastinal contour
[Record ID: OpenI-446] no findings. suggestion of slightly more prominent interstitial markings, which may represent some bronchiticbronchiolitis changes. no suspicious nodules, pneumonia, effusions, or chf. stable mediastinal contour
[Record ID: OpenI-447] lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are postoperative changes of cervical spine fusion. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-448] lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are postoperative changes of cervical spine fusion. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-449] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. a has its tip at the caval atrial junction. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-450] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. a has its tip at the caval atrial junction. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-451] mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-452] mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-453] the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-454] the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-455] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-456] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-457] no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. granulomas are seen within the right lung. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-458] no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. granulomas are seen within the right lung. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-459] no findings. heart size is normal. 2 cm calcified granuloma in the right midlung. calcified right hilar lymph. no other nodules or masses. it is unchanged compared to a for the abdomen ct scan from. the 40 of the nodule is on the upper portion of the film
[Record ID: OpenI-460] both lungs are clear and expanded with no infiltrates. basilar focal atelectasis is present in the lingula. heart size normal. calcified right hilar are present. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-461] both lungs are clear and expanded with no infiltrates. basilar focal atelectasis is present in the lingula. heart size normal. calcified right hilar are present. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-462] heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. emphysema. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. no pulmonary nodules identified
[Record ID: OpenI-463] heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. emphysema. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. no pulmonary nodules identified
[Record ID: OpenI-464] heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. emphysema. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. no pulmonary nodules identified
[Record ID: OpenI-465] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-466] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-467] no findings. concerning findings for fibrosis in the bases of the lungs. this can be further characterized with a of the chest. no confluent lobar pneumonia or pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-468] no findings. concerning findings for fibrosis in the bases of the lungs. this can be further characterized with a of the chest. no confluent lobar pneumonia or pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-469] no findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. calcified aortic
[Record ID: OpenI-470] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-471] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-472] the tracheostomy tube is in stable position. right subclavian catheter tip is in the lower svc. the left upper extremity picc tip is in the mid svc. surgical overlie the soft tissues of the neck. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-473] the tracheostomy tube is in stable position. right subclavian catheter tip is in the lower svc. the left upper extremity picc tip is in the mid svc. surgical overlie the soft tissues of the neck. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-474] no findings. heart size is normal. no effusions. interstitial infiltrate in the left lung. less on the right lung. this may represent lymphangitic spread of carcinoma. other etiologies may include mycoplasma pneumonia or viral pneumonia. ordering physician was notified of this finding at the time of the exam. further evaluation may require ct with iv contrast and highresolution scans
[Record ID: OpenI-475] no findings. heart size is normal. no effusions. interstitial infiltrate in the left lung. less on the right lung. this may represent lymphangitic spread of carcinoma. other etiologies may include mycoplasma pneumonia or viral pneumonia. ordering physician was notified of this finding at the time of the exam. further evaluation may require ct with iv contrast and highresolution scans
[Record ID: OpenI-476] no findings. mediastinal cardiac size stable. no pneumothoraces or large pleural effusions. pulmonary granulomas. no acute pulmonary process. no acute displaced rib fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-477] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. degenerative disease is seen in the thoracic spine and left. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-478] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. degenerative disease is seen in the thoracic spine and left. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-479] heart size is within normal limits. there are surgical clips in the left mediastinum. there is no pneumothorax. there is a small left pleural effusion. abnormal convexity within the mediastinum represents adenopathy which is better demonstrated on the prior. small left pleural effusion. mediastinal adenopathy noted but better evaluated on the ct
[Record ID: OpenI-480] heart size is within normal limits. there are surgical clips in the left mediastinum. there is no pneumothorax. there is a small left pleural effusion. abnormal convexity within the mediastinum represents adenopathy which is better demonstrated on the prior. small left pleural effusion. mediastinal adenopathy noted but better evaluated on the ct
[Record ID: OpenI-481] cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. there is mild bibasilar focal atelectasis. no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. minimal atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta. minimal bibasilar focal atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-482] cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. there is mild bibasilar focal atelectasis. no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. minimal atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta. minimal bibasilar focal atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-483] the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there is a calcified density in the left mid lung, most a calcified granuloma. lungs are otherwise clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. specifically, there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. the bony structures show no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no active pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-484] the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there is a calcified density in the left mid lung, most a calcified granuloma. lungs are otherwise clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. specifically, there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. the bony structures show no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no active pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-485] again, the patient is mildly rotated, and there is a mild curvature of the thoracic spine. stable borderline cardiac enlargement. in the left lower lobe on the lateral view, there appears to be some patchy airspace disease which is probably mostly atelectasis from an elevated left diaphragm. the be difficult to completely exclude a superimposed pneumonia. no significant pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is an extensive fusion of the posterior cervical spine. underinflated lungs with elevation of the left diaphragm and patchy airspace disease in the left base, probably mostly atelectasis. it would be difficult to completely exclude a superimposed pneumonia. no pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-486] the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal there is no evidence of pneumomediastinum or pneumothorax. clear lungs there are no large pleural effusions no evidence of displaced fractures. no evidence of pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-487] the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal there is no evidence of pneumomediastinum or pneumothorax. clear lungs there are no large pleural effusions no evidence of displaced fractures. no evidence of pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-488] the cardiac contours are normal. prominent pulmonary arteries. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-489] the cardiac contours are normal. prominent pulmonary arteries. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-490] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. there is lingular airspace disease.. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. lingular airspace disease which in the setting of is concerning for pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-491] no findings. presumed closure device at the level of the ligamentum arteriosum. normal cardiac silhouette and clear lungs, with no evidence of lefttoright shunt
[Record ID: OpenI-492] no findings. presumed closure device at the level of the ligamentum arteriosum. normal cardiac silhouette and clear lungs, with no evidence of lefttoright shunt
[Record ID: OpenI-493] heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-494] heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-495] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-496] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-497] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. elevated right diaphragm. the lungs are clear. degenerative spondylosis. there appears to be a mildly displaced fracture of the mid right clavicle. mildly displaced fracture of the mid right clavicle. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-498] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. elevated right diaphragm. the lungs are clear. degenerative spondylosis. there appears to be a mildly displaced fracture of the mid right clavicle. mildly displaced fracture of the mid right clavicle. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-499] the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-500] the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-501] the cardiac silhouette, mediastinum, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated. unremarkable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-502] the cardiac silhouette, mediastinum, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated. unremarkable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-503] evaluation for pneumothorax is limited due to exclusion of the superiormost pulmonary apices. no visible pleural. no focal air space opacities or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no free subdiaphragmatic air. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. included osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-504] evaluation for pneumothorax is limited due to exclusion of the superiormost pulmonary apices. no visible pleural. no focal air space opacities or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no free subdiaphragmatic air. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. included osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-505] chest stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. hyperlucent apices. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. healed remote left 9th rib fracture. right shoulder negative for fracture or dislocation. chest. right shoulder. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. negative for right shoulder fracture or dislocation
[Record ID: OpenI-506] chest stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. hyperlucent apices. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. healed remote left 9th rib fracture. right shoulder negative for fracture or dislocation. chest. right shoulder. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. negative for right shoulder fracture or dislocation
[Record ID: OpenI-507] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. calcified left hilar node. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-508] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. calcified left hilar node. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-509] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-510] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-511] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-512] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-513] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-514] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-515] low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. scattered of left base atelectasis are noted. left a is in with the tip projecting over the caval atrial junction. of left base atelectasis. otherwise, clear
[Record ID: OpenI-516] low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. scattered of left base atelectasis are noted. left a is in with the tip projecting over the caval atrial junction. of left base atelectasis. otherwise, clear
[Record ID: OpenI-517] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fracture visualized. no acute pulmonary disease. no displaced rib fracture visualized
[Record ID: OpenI-518] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild spine curvature noted. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-519] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild spine curvature noted. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-520] no findings. opacities in the left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-521] no findings. opacities in the left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-522] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-523] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-524] ap view was obtained due to patient condition. low volume lungs. no focal lung consolidation. the heart is not enlarged. no pleural effusion. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-525] ap view was obtained due to patient condition. low volume lungs. no focal lung consolidation. the heart is not enlarged. no pleural effusion. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-526] no unusual findings. chest. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. right knee. severe joint space narrowing and spurring lateral compartment of the knee and patellofemoral compartment
[Record ID: OpenI-527] no unusual findings. chest. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. right knee. severe joint space narrowing and spurring lateral compartment of the knee and patellofemoral compartment
[Record ID: OpenI-528] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-529] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-530] no stable cardiomegaly, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. stable right basilar calcified granuloma. no acute osseous abnormality identified. stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-531] no stable cardiomegaly, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. stable right basilar calcified granuloma. no acute osseous abnormality identified. stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-532] heart size is normal. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no consolidating airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-533] heart size is normal. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no consolidating airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-534] heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. diffuse bilateral calcified sequelae of prior granulomatous infection. no pulmonary vascular congestion. no edema. no focal consolidation. there is no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is mild anterior wedging of a lower thoracic vertebral body, approximately t11 level. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mild age indeterminate anterior wedging at the t11 level
[Record ID: OpenI-535] heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. diffuse bilateral calcified sequelae of prior granulomatous infection. no pulmonary vascular congestion. no edema. no focal consolidation. there is no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is mild anterior wedging of a lower thoracic vertebral body, approximately t11 level. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mild age indeterminate anterior wedging at the t11 level
[Record ID: OpenI-536] chronic bilateral emphysematous changes. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. significant bilateral emphysematous changes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-537] chronic bilateral emphysematous changes. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. significant bilateral emphysematous changes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-538] heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pulmonary nodules. bony structures are intact. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-539] heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pulmonary nodules. bony structures are intact. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-540] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-541] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-542] the lungs are hyperinflated with biapical pleuralparenchymal scarring and upward retraction of the, similar to the prior study. there are multiple reticularnodular opacities in the upper lobes bilaterally which appear grossly stable from the prior study. there is no evidence of, focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. hyperinflation with chronic upper lobe reticularnodular pleuralparenchymal opacities and hilar retraction. no gross interval change from
[Record ID: OpenI-543] the lungs are hyperinflated with biapical pleuralparenchymal scarring and upward retraction of the, similar to the prior study. there are multiple reticularnodular opacities in the upper lobes bilaterally which appear grossly stable from the prior study. there is no evidence of, focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. hyperinflation with chronic upper lobe reticularnodular pleuralparenchymal opacities and hilar retraction. no gross interval change from
[Record ID: OpenI-544] mild cardiomegaly. tortuous aorta. no focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. soft tissue density identified in the medial right apex which is asymmetric compared to left. asymmetric right medial apical opacity which may be attributable to the sternoclavicular joint. upper lobe airspace disease or pulmonary nodule is not entirely excluded. recommend chest and apical lordotic view of the chest to further evaluate. findings and recommendations were discussed. in the department at a.m
[Record ID: OpenI-545] mild cardiomegaly. tortuous aorta. no focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. soft tissue density identified in the medial right apex which is asymmetric compared to left. asymmetric right medial apical opacity which may be attributable to the sternoclavicular joint. upper lobe airspace disease or pulmonary nodule is not entirely excluded. recommend chest and apical lordotic view of the chest to further evaluate. findings and recommendations were discussed. in the department at a.m
[Record ID: OpenI-546] the outside is normal except for slight cardiomegaly. heart size upper limits normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of active tuberculosis. no change from prior exam
[Record ID: OpenI-547] the outside is normal except for slight cardiomegaly. heart size upper limits normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of active tuberculosis. no change from prior exam
[Record ID: OpenI-548] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the aorta is unfolded. there is left base streaky opacity due to scarring or discoid atelectasis. there is a midright lung small calcified granuloma. there are small nodular opacities projecting over the right base in the right costophrenic sulcus, posterior right 9th rib and the anterior t10 vertebral body. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. indeterminant small nodular opacities. may be granulomas or bone islands. however, is recommended given the history of malignancy. otherwise no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified
[Record ID: OpenI-549] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the aorta is unfolded. there is left base streaky opacity due to scarring or discoid atelectasis. there is a midright lung small calcified granuloma. there are small nodular opacities projecting over the right base in the right costophrenic sulcus, posterior right 9th rib and the anterior t10 vertebral body. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. indeterminant small nodular opacities. may be granulomas or bone islands. however, is recommended given the history of malignancy. otherwise no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified
[Record ID: OpenI-550] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-551] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-552] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-553] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-554] no findings. catheter tip mid svc. heart size is normal. no acute alveolar or interstitial infiltrates. the 9th posterior lateral right rib is slightly expanded and this may be the site of an old healed fracture. otherwise no acute rib fractures seen. bone scan may be informative
[Record ID: OpenI-555] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures show several old rib fractures unchanged in the prior study on the left. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-556] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures show several old rib fractures unchanged in the prior study on the left. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-557] minimal left costophrenic airspace disease andor pleural effusion. lungs are otherwise clear. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinum are stable with normal sized heart. there is tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta. degenerative changes in the spine. minimal left costophrenic airspace disease andor pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-558] low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-559] low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-560] no findings. unchanged loculated right pleural fusion. no change chronic interstitial lung disease
[Record ID: OpenI-561] no findings. unchanged loculated right pleural fusion. no change chronic interstitial lung disease
[Record ID: OpenI-562] no findings. comparison, hyperexpansion and changes of copd as before. calcified right lower lung nodule compatible with histoplasmoma as before. lungs are overall clear. mediastinal contour stable. no acute abnormalities since the previous examination
[Record ID: OpenI-563] no findings. comparison, hyperexpansion and changes of copd as before. calcified right lower lung nodule compatible with histoplasmoma as before. lungs are overall clear. mediastinal contour stable. no acute abnormalities since the previous examination
[Record ID: OpenI-564] sternotomy mediastinal clips noted. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there is deformity of t6, since thoracic spine,. mild deformity of t12, stable. prior cholecystectomy. no definite evidence of metastatic disease. ageindeterminate deformity of t6, since study dated
[Record ID: OpenI-565] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the patient is obese. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-566] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. specifically, no evidence of rib fractures. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-567] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. specifically, no evidence of rib fractures. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-568] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. atherosclerotic calcification of the thoracic aorta. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are wellaerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-569] no findings. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable lingular nodule, presumably granuloma. no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or interval airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-570] no findings. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable lingular nodule, presumably granuloma. no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or interval airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-571] heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours are within normal limits. normal pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are clear. no visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. elevated right hemidiaphragm. mild degenerative changes of the spine. elevated right hemidiaphragm. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-572] heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours are within normal limits. normal pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are clear. no visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. elevated right hemidiaphragm. mild degenerative changes of the spine. elevated right hemidiaphragm. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-573] no findings. heart size is at upper limits normal. mediastinal silhouette otherwise and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. left chest wall changes suggest prior thoracotomy. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no focal airspace consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-574] no findings. heart size is at upper limits normal. mediastinal silhouette otherwise and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. left chest wall changes suggest prior thoracotomy. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no focal airspace consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-575] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-576] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-577] normal heart size. there is a round density in the ap. study performed in is not available for review at this time. lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. calcified right lower lobe granuloma. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality. circumscribed structure in the ap could represent lymphadenopathy, mass, pulmonary arterial abnormality as aneurysm, or enlargement of the left atrial appendage. as prior chest are not available online at this should be considered
[Record ID: OpenI-578] normal heart size. there is a round density in the ap. study performed in is not available for review at this time. lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. calcified right lower lobe granuloma. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality. circumscribed structure in the ap could represent lymphadenopathy, mass, pulmonary arterial abnormality as aneurysm, or enlargement of the left atrial appendage. as prior chest are not available online at this should be considered
[Record ID: OpenI-579] heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is normal. no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-580] the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there is no focal air space opacity, pneumothorax, or effusion. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. unremarkable examination of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-581] the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there is no focal air space opacity, pneumothorax, or effusion. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. unremarkable examination of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-582] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-583] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-584] technically limited study secondary to patient. decreased lung volumes with associated bronchopulmonary crowding without evidence of focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mild nonspecific prominence of mediastinum, consider repeat cxr if any concern for vascular process
[Record ID: OpenI-585] technically limited study secondary to patient. decreased lung volumes with associated bronchopulmonary crowding without evidence of focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mild nonspecific prominence of mediastinum, consider repeat cxr if any concern for vascular process
[Record ID: OpenI-586] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-587] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-588] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. left shoulder arthroplasty is noted. old left rib fractures. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-589] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. left shoulder arthroplasty is noted. old left rib fractures. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-590] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-591] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-592] the cardiac silhouette measures near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is stable eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-593] the cardiac silhouette measures near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is stable eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-594] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there is no definite evidence of acute fracture. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-595] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there is no definite evidence of acute fracture. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-596] feeding tube passes below the left hemidiaphragm. left subclavian central line tip is at the upper svc. shunt tubing courses along the anterior left hemithorax. there is grossly stable left lower lobe consolidation. stable mild residual medial right basilar airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. stable left lung consolidation, possibly infectious pneumonia andor aspiration. recommend followup radiographs after treatment to ensure complete resolution. stable mild residual medial right basilar airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-597] feeding tube passes below the left hemidiaphragm. left subclavian central line tip is at the upper svc. shunt tubing courses along the anterior left hemithorax. there is grossly stable left lower lobe consolidation. stable mild residual medial right basilar airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. stable left lung consolidation, possibly infectious pneumonia andor aspiration. recommend followup radiographs after treatment to ensure complete resolution. stable mild residual medial right basilar airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-598] lung volumes are low. the heart is large, the pulmonary are engorged. no infiltrates. opacity is present in the left midlung. hypoinflation with cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension. left mid lung focal atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-599] lung volumes are low. the heart is large, the pulmonary are engorged. no infiltrates. opacity is present in the left midlung. hypoinflation with cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension. left mid lung focal atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-600] lateral view, over the lingula, there is a 7mm diameter uncalcified nodule of uncertain origin. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. mild tortuosity aorta is redemonstrated. 7mm non calcified nodule, in appearance, recommend ct chest without contrast
[Record ID: OpenI-601] lateral view, over the lingula, there is a 7mm diameter uncalcified nodule of uncertain origin. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. mild tortuosity aorta is redemonstrated. 7mm non calcified nodule, in appearance, recommend ct chest without contrast
[Record ID: OpenI-602] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small calcified left upper lung granuloma is noted. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-603] there is stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with questionable increased right basilar airspace opacities. the left lung is clear. heart size normal. unremarkable. stable elevated right hemidiaphragm with questionable subtle increased right basilar airspace diseaseatelectasis. correlate clinically
[Record ID: OpenI-604] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not enlarged. there are calcified mediastinal lymph. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-605] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not enlarged. there are calcified mediastinal lymph. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-606] the lungs are clear. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. there are sclerotic lesions within the, better visualized on the comparison scan. there are several bilateral rib fractures with evidence of the callus formation. the appearance is similar to the prior chest radiograph. clear lungs. several bilateral healing rib fractures, pathologic fracture
[Record ID: OpenI-607] the lungs are clear. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. there are sclerotic lesions within the, better visualized on the comparison scan. there are several bilateral rib fractures with evidence of the callus formation. the appearance is similar to the prior chest radiograph. clear lungs. several bilateral healing rib fractures, pathologic fracture
[Record ID: OpenI-608] mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no focal infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-609] mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no focal infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-610] no unusual findings. heart size is normal the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-611] no unusual findings. heart size is normal the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-612] normal heart size. stable tortuous aorta. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no suspicious focal air space opacities. levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms are consistent with emphysematous lung changes. prior granulomatous disease. stable emphysematous lung changes. no acute abnormality seen
[Record ID: OpenI-613] normal heart size. stable tortuous aorta. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no suspicious focal air space opacities. levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms are consistent with emphysematous lung changes. prior granulomatous disease. stable emphysematous lung changes. no acute abnormality seen
[Record ID: OpenI-614] normal heart size. stable tortuous aorta. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no suspicious focal air space opacities. levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms are consistent with emphysematous lung changes. prior granulomatous disease. stable emphysematous lung changes. no acute abnormality seen
[Record ID: OpenI-615] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax, no pleural effusion. no displaced rib fractures. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no displaced fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-616] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax, no pleural effusion. no displaced rib fractures. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no displaced fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-617] the lungs are clear. there are calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-618] the lungs are clear. there are calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-619] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-620] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-621] cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-622] cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-623] heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-624] heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-625] and lateral chest examination was obtained. one ap view is expiratory and was repeated. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-626] and lateral chest examination was obtained. one ap view is expiratory and was repeated. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-627] lungs remain hyperexpanded. no change in the right middle lobe opacification. no infiltrates or masses. pulmonary arteries are prominent centrally. change copd. chronic right middle lobe scar and atelectasis. pulmonary arterial hypertension
[Record ID: OpenI-628] lungs remain hyperexpanded. no change in the right middle lobe opacification. no infiltrates or masses. pulmonary arteries are prominent centrally. change copd. chronic right middle lobe scar and atelectasis. pulmonary arterial hypertension
[Record ID: OpenI-629] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. mild right basilar atelectasis and relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm noted. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-630] no findings. no evidence of tuberculosis. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified 5 mm right midlung granuloma and right hilar granulomas
[Record ID: OpenI-631] no findings. no evidence of tuberculosis. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified 5 mm right midlung granuloma and right hilar granulomas
[Record ID: OpenI-632] no findings. small calcified granulomas in in right upper lobe and left lower lobe. no suspicious appearing lung nodules seen. no acute airspace disease, effusions, or chf
[Record ID: OpenI-633] chest. both lungs are clear and expanded with no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations. heart and mediastinum remain normal. lumbosacral spine., disc spaces, and alignment are normal. sacrum and sacroiliac joints are normal. chest. no active disease. lumbar spine negative
[Record ID: OpenI-634] chest. both lungs are clear and expanded with no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations. heart and mediastinum remain normal. lumbosacral spine., disc spaces, and alignment are normal. sacrum and sacroiliac joints are normal. chest. no active disease. lumbar spine negative
[Record ID: OpenI-635] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-636] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-637] heart size is normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. normal chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-638] heart size is normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. normal chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-639] no findings. cardiomegaly. no effusions or edema. clear chest
[Record ID: OpenI-640] no findings. cardiomegaly. no effusions or edema. clear chest
[Record ID: OpenI-641] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. sternotomy sutures and coronary bypass clips remain intact. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-642] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. sternotomy sutures and coronary bypass clips remain intact. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-643] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are grossly clear. opacities in the lung bases. there are fragments overlying the posterior left chest, right neck base and fragments in the left costophrenic. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bullet fragments, as described above. no evidence of acute parenchymal abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-644] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are grossly clear. opacities in the lung bases. there are fragments overlying the posterior left chest, right neck base and fragments in the left costophrenic. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bullet fragments, as described above. no evidence of acute parenchymal abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-645] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-646] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-647] the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-648] the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-649] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-650] there is an marked interval increase in heart size. the heart also demonstrates the configuration, compatible with pericardial effusion. a small right pleural effusion the present. the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrates. normal pulmonary vascularity. no pneumothorax. large pericardial effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-651] there is an marked interval increase in heart size. the heart also demonstrates the configuration, compatible with pericardial effusion. a small right pleural effusion the present. the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrates. normal pulmonary vascularity. no pneumothorax. large pericardial effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-652] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous thoracic aorta. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. stable right lung base scarring. stable exam with no acute abnormality seen
[Record ID: OpenI-653] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous thoracic aorta. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. stable right lung base scarring. stable exam with no acute abnormality seen
[Record ID: OpenI-654] there is no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-655] there is no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-656] lung volumes are low. there is vague opacity in the right upper lung near the anterior right first rib on pa view. this may be artifact relating to calcification at the first rib costicartilage junction. there is minimal atelectasis in the right lung base. there is leftsided picc line, the distal tip in the lower superior vena. the heart and pulmonary are normal. these contours are normal. vague nodular opacity near the anterior right first rib costicartilage junction. this may be calcification. minimal streaky atelectasis in the right lung base
[Record ID: OpenI-657] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. mild lung hyperinflation. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. degenerative changes seen within the midthoracic spine. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-658] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. mild lung hyperinflation. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. degenerative changes seen within the midthoracic spine. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-659] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. negative for pneumoperitoneum. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-660] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. negative for pneumoperitoneum. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-661] there are very low lung volumes with associated central bronchovascular crowding. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there are filled loops of mildly dilated colon in the left upper quadrant. the bowel pattern is not well evaluated secondary to incomplete imaging of the abdomen. there is no pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. the streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis. no definite infectious infiltrate is seen. there is scoliosis and exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis. very low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-662] there are very low lung volumes with associated central bronchovascular crowding. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there are filled loops of mildly dilated colon in the left upper quadrant. the bowel pattern is not well evaluated secondary to incomplete imaging of the abdomen. there is no pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. the streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis. no definite infectious infiltrate is seen. there is scoliosis and exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis. very low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-663] heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. no focal airspace consolidation. there is mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen
[Record ID: OpenI-664] heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. no focal airspace consolidation. there is mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen
[Record ID: OpenI-665] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a left lung calcified granuloma noted. there has been resolution of the leftsided airspace disease. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-666] heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no lymphadenopathy. unremarkable examination
[Record ID: OpenI-667] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes within the spine. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-668] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes within the spine. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-669] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-670] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-671] no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size within normal limits for technique, no mediastinal widening seen. no acute osseous injury demonstrated. dextroscoliosis noted. no acute findings. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically warranted
[Record ID: OpenI-672] no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size within normal limits for technique, no mediastinal widening seen. no acute osseous injury demonstrated. dextroscoliosis noted. no acute findings. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically warranted
[Record ID: OpenI-673] there is chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. compared with the prior study, there is mildly increased streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. hilar prominence appears stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size is stable and grossly normal. there no acute bony findings. chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with mildly increased right basilar airspace disease, atelectasis versus infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-674] there is chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. compared with the prior study, there is mildly increased streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. hilar prominence appears stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size is stable and grossly normal. there no acute bony findings. chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with mildly increased right basilar airspace disease, atelectasis versus infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-675] the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. there is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-676] the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. there is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-677] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax grossly unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-678] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax grossly unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-679] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-680] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-681] heart size within normal limits and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable. no active tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-682] heart size within normal limits and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable. no active tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-683] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. mild aortic tortuosity. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-684] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. mild aortic tortuosity. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-685] no findings. ltthe heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable and within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.gt extensive left upper quadrant splenic calcification may reflect old granulomatous disease
[Record ID: OpenI-686] no findings. ltthe heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable and within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.gt extensive left upper quadrant splenic calcification may reflect old granulomatous disease
[Record ID: OpenI-687] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-688] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-689] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal. there is some tortuosity of the aorta. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-690] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal. there is some tortuosity of the aorta. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-691] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-692] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-693] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. there are postsurgical changes of the left breast. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-694] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. there are postsurgical changes of the left breast. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-695] soft tissue neck. the airway is. no laryngeal edema. laryngeal intact. cervical spine intact. chest. the heart is large. diffuse parahilar and alveolar consolidations are present. bilateral costophrenic blunting is present. soft tissue neck negative. chest. heart failure with pulmonary alveolar edema and pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-696] soft tissue neck. the airway is. no laryngeal edema. laryngeal intact. cervical spine intact. chest. the heart is large. diffuse parahilar and alveolar consolidations are present. bilateral costophrenic blunting is present. soft tissue neck negative. chest. heart failure with pulmonary alveolar edema and pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-697] heart size normal. no pneumothorax, large pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. calcified right hilar nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-698] heart size normal. no pneumothorax, large pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. calcified right hilar nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-699] redemonstration of the left basilar patchy atelectasis, unchanged from last exam. lungs are otherwise clear. no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusions present. there is a focal calcified nodules in the left upper lung, stable in appearance from of. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no suspicion bony destruction identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-700] redemonstration of the left basilar patchy atelectasis, unchanged from last exam. lungs are otherwise clear. no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusions present. there is a focal calcified nodules in the left upper lung, stable in appearance from of. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no suspicion bony destruction identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-701] lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart and mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. bony thorax intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-702] lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart and mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. bony thorax intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-703] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. a dense nodule in the right base suggests a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-704] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. a dense nodule in the right base suggests a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-705] large medial right upper lobe mass lesion, measuring approximately 8 cm x 0 cm in diameter. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. lungs clear. heart size within normal limits. degenerative changes thoracic spine. large medial right upper lobe mass highly concerning for primary lung cancer. chest with intravenous contrast for further evaluation.. s was notified of this result at xxxxpm and accepted receipt. results were faxed
[Record ID: OpenI-706] large medial right upper lobe mass lesion, measuring approximately 8 cm x 0 cm in diameter. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. lungs clear. heart size within normal limits. degenerative changes thoracic spine. large medial right upper lobe mass highly concerning for primary lung cancer. chest with intravenous contrast for further evaluation.. s was notified of this result at xxxxpm and accepted receipt. results were faxed
[Record ID: OpenI-707] lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-708] lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-709] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-710] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-711] heart size and vascularity normal. these contour normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-712] heart size and vascularity normal. these contour normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-713] no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. stable mediastinal contour. calcified hilar lymph. visualized osseous structures unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-714] no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. stable mediastinal contour. calcified hilar lymph. visualized osseous structures unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-715] there are numerous surgical clips at the thoracic inlet. small areas of scarring are seen in the left base. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-716] there are numerous surgical clips at the thoracic inlet. small areas of scarring are seen in the left base. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-717] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal. low lung volumes, otherwise clear
[Record ID: OpenI-718] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal. low lung volumes, otherwise clear
[Record ID: OpenI-719] cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. clear lung bilaterally. cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-720] cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. clear lung bilaterally. cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-721] there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. scattered calcified nodules compatible with granulomatous disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no masses or suspicious nodules. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no suspicious masses or nodules
[Record ID: OpenI-722] there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. scattered calcified nodules compatible with granulomatous disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no masses or suspicious nodules. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no suspicious masses or nodules
[Record ID: OpenI-723] the heart is normal in size. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. the mediastinum is stable. there is again soft tissue density projected over the right mid chest, patients known large breast mass. the appearance is grossly stable to decreased from prior study. the lateral projection is suboptimal as patient could not raise. there is no pleural effusion. redemonstration of right chest wall mass compatible with patients known breast carcinoma
[Record ID: OpenI-724] the heart is normal in size. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. the mediastinum is stable. there is again soft tissue density projected over the right mid chest, patients known large breast mass. the appearance is grossly stable to decreased from prior study. the lateral projection is suboptimal as patient could not raise. there is no pleural effusion. redemonstration of right chest wall mass compatible with patients known breast carcinoma
[Record ID: OpenI-725] there is a calcified left upper lobe granuloma. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the lungs remain hyperexpanded. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule identified. however, given the presence of small nodules on the chest ct scan and patient history of prostate cancer, recommend further evaluation with scan unless already recently performed
[Record ID: OpenI-726] there is a calcified left upper lobe granuloma. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the lungs remain hyperexpanded. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule identified. however, given the presence of small nodules on the chest ct scan and patient history of prostate cancer, recommend further evaluation with scan unless already recently performed
[Record ID: OpenI-727] no findings. heart size is normal. minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the left base, seen on the lateral film, otherwise lungs are clear. degenerative disease of thoracic spine. stable left lower lobe 5 mm granuloma adjacent to the heart
[Record ID: OpenI-728] no findings. heart size is normal. minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the left base, seen on the lateral film, otherwise lungs are clear. degenerative disease of thoracic spine. stable left lower lobe 5 mm granuloma adjacent to the heart
[Record ID: OpenI-729] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. pulmonary opacity seen in the right lung base, may indicate focal infiltrate. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. right lower lobe opacity may represent focal infiltrate versus atelectasis. low lung volumes
[Record ID: OpenI-730] the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-731] the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-732] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. mild prominence left hilar contour. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-733] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. mild prominence left hilar contour. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-734] consolidation and costophrenic blunting persists in both lower lobes. heart and pulmonary remain normal. no infiltrates. persistent bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural fluid
[Record ID: OpenI-735] consolidation and costophrenic blunting persists in both lower lobes. heart and pulmonary remain normal. no infiltrates. persistent bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural fluid
[Record ID: OpenI-736] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. vascular calcification is identified. calcified granuloma is present in the right lower lobe. no nodules are seen. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. no focal airspace disease is identified. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-737] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. specifically, no evidence of active tuberculous process
[Record ID: OpenI-738] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. specifically, no evidence of active tuberculous process
[Record ID: OpenI-739] the heart and mediastinum are stable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-740] no acute osseous abnormality. the soft tissues are within normal limits. normal appearing cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. left lower lobe density representing atelectasis. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. no focal lung consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-741] no acute osseous abnormality. the soft tissues are within normal limits. normal appearing cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. left lower lobe density representing atelectasis. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. no focal lung consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-742] soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable. heart size is upper limit of normal. lung are clear. no effusion or pneumothorax. calcified lymph stable from prior exam. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-743] soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable. heart size is upper limit of normal. lung are clear. no effusion or pneumothorax. calcified lymph stable from prior exam. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-744] pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. prominent bilateral pericardial fat pads. the lungs are well aerated. there is minimal patchy and air space opacity within the lingula favored as atelectasis. minimal patchy airspace disease within the lingula, may reflect atelectasis or infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-745] pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. prominent bilateral pericardial fat pads. the lungs are well aerated. there is minimal patchy and air space opacity within the lingula favored as atelectasis. minimal patchy airspace disease within the lingula, may reflect atelectasis or infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-746] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-747] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-748] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. there is stable irregularity of the posterior left 6th rib which represents an old fracture. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-749] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. there is stable irregularity of the posterior left 6th rib which represents an old fracture. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-750] no findings. there is cardiomegaly. no pulmonary edema. lungs symmetrically aerated and clear of infiltrate or consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. sshaped curvature thoracic spine noted. left upper quadrant peripherally calcified focus 8 splenic and origin and may represent benign cyst but is not to be further localized or characterized on film. vascular aneurysm would be possible but thought less
[Record ID: OpenI-751] no findings. there is cardiomegaly. no pulmonary edema. lungs symmetrically aerated and clear of infiltrate or consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. sshaped curvature thoracic spine noted. left upper quadrant peripherally calcified focus 8 splenic and origin and may represent benign cyst but is not to be further localized or characterized on film. vascular aneurysm would be possible but thought less
[Record ID: OpenI-752] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is mild prominence of the interstitial markings which are unchanged. no evidence of acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-753] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is mild prominence of the interstitial markings which are unchanged. no evidence of acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-754] leftsided dual cardiac in stable position. the heart is of normal size. interval decrease and left basilar opacity. increase in opacities in the right lung base. no pneumothorax or large effusion. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. calcification of the thoracic aorta. cardiac in stable position. increase in right and decrease in left basilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-755] feeding tube noted with tip distal to the gastroesophageal junction. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. feeding tube tip distal to the gastroesophageal junction
[Record ID: OpenI-756] feeding tube noted with tip distal to the gastroesophageal junction. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. feeding tube tip distal to the gastroesophageal junction
[Record ID: OpenI-757] normal heart size. stable tortuous aorta. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity. prior granulomatous disease. unchanged exam without acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-758] normal heart size. stable tortuous aorta. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity. prior granulomatous disease. unchanged exam without acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-759] the heart is within normal limits in size given the low lung volumes an ap portable technique. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-760] the heart is within normal limits in size given the low lung volumes an ap portable technique. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-761] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. there is no focal airspace consolidation. there is no visible pneumothorax. the left costophrenic sulcus is blunted. however, no retrocardiac pleural fluid collection is seen on the lateral view. the right acromioclavicular joint is mildly widened with respect to the left. this is and may be due to left osteoarthritis or a remote right mild. leftsided small pleural effusion versus extrapleural fat or scarring. cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-762] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-763] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. there is no focal consolidation. thoracic spondylosis. mild dextroscoliosis of the spine. prior anterior cervical fusion. emphysema without superimposed pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-764] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. there is no focal consolidation. thoracic spondylosis. mild dextroscoliosis of the spine. prior anterior cervical fusion. emphysema without superimposed pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-765] the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. the left hilar calcified lymph appear stable. there is persistence of a left lower lobe calcified nodule representing a granuloma. the lungs are hyperinflated but otherwise clear bilaterally. severe hyperinflation. stable left calcified hilar lymph
[Record ID: OpenI-766] the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. the left hilar calcified lymph appear stable. there is persistence of a left lower lobe calcified nodule representing a granuloma. the lungs are hyperinflated but otherwise clear bilaterally. severe hyperinflation. stable left calcified hilar lymph
[Record ID: OpenI-767] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. masslike opacification of right apex. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. are grossly normal. worsening masslike opacification of right apex, suggesting worsening malignancy or malignancy with postobstructive pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-768] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. masslike opacification of right apex. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. are grossly normal. worsening masslike opacification of right apex, suggesting worsening malignancy or malignancy with postobstructive pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-769] the lungs appear clear. lung volumes are low. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-770] the lungs appear clear. lung volumes are low. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-771] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-772] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-773] there is a subtle left medial base opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. subtle medial left basilar opacity could represent early pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-774] there is a subtle left medial base opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. subtle medial left basilar opacity could represent early pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-775] there is persistent, marked enlargement of the pulmonary arteries. normal heart size. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. enlarged pulmonary arteries. this may be due to previouschronic pulmonary embolism or pulmonary arterial hypertension. no evidence of pneumonia or other acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-776] there is persistent, marked enlargement of the pulmonary arteries. normal heart size. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. enlarged pulmonary arteries. this may be due to previouschronic pulmonary embolism or pulmonary arterial hypertension. no evidence of pneumonia or other acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-777] mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. no airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. right upper quadrant surgical clips. stable appearance of the chest. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-778] mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. no airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. right upper quadrant surgical clips. stable appearance of the chest. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-779] some hyperinflation appears to be present. there are small calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. the heart is normal. the mediastinum is normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal. probable copd and old granulomatous disease
[Record ID: OpenI-780] some hyperinflation appears to be present. there are small calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. the heart is normal. the mediastinum is normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal. probable copd and old granulomatous disease
[Record ID: OpenI-781] sequelae of old granulomatous disease is again noted. lungs are clear without focal air space disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-782] sequelae of old granulomatous disease is again noted. lungs are clear without focal air space disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-783] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-784] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-785] focal opacity in the medial right lung base seen on the frontal view. no definite pleural effusion. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. abnormal opacity in the right lung base which may be compatible with pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. recommend clinical correlation for infection and followup to resolution. or, if clinical findings are not compatible with may be of
[Record ID: OpenI-786] focal opacity in the medial right lung base seen on the frontal view. no definite pleural effusion. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. abnormal opacity in the right lung base which may be compatible with pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. recommend clinical correlation for infection and followup to resolution. or, if clinical findings are not compatible with may be of
[Record ID: OpenI-787] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-788] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-789] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-790] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-791] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are hypoinflated with scarring in the left lung base. there is no focal consolidation or significant effusion. mild chronic changes in the left lung base without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-792] normal heart size. diffuse bilateral reticulonodular interstitial opacities. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. heart is not enlarged. are unremarkable. compared to, there are extensive bilateral reticulonodular interstitial opacities, concerning for atypical infection. result notification primordial
[Record ID: OpenI-793] borderline enlarged heart. stable mediastinal contours. aortic calcifications. hyperinflated lungs with chronic appearing interstitial markings, compatible with emphysema. bilateral streaky opacities. increased vascularity compatible with pulmonary vascular congestion. no focal airspace disease. no acute bony abnormality. pulmonary vascular congestion. emphysema. bibasilar streaky airspace opacities
[Record ID: OpenI-794] borderline enlarged heart. stable mediastinal contours. aortic calcifications. hyperinflated lungs with chronic appearing interstitial markings, compatible with emphysema. bilateral streaky opacities. increased vascularity compatible with pulmonary vascular congestion. no focal airspace disease. no acute bony abnormality. pulmonary vascular congestion. emphysema. bibasilar streaky airspace opacities
[Record ID: OpenI-795] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are wellaerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-796] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are wellaerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-797] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-798] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-799] no findings. calcified granuloma periphery left lung. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-800] no findings. calcified granuloma periphery left lung. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-801] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-802] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-803] no findings. stable chest. elevated left diaphragm. two bullets overlie the left chest. heart size normal. persistent 8 cm right midlung nodule without definite calcification. ct scan may be informative if patient is at high for lung cancer
[Record ID: OpenI-804] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-805] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-806] patchy subsegmental atelectasis is seen bibasilar region, no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusion is present. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. old fractures seen the left 9th rib. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-807] patchy subsegmental atelectasis is seen bibasilar region, no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusion is present. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. old fractures seen the left 9th rib. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-808] the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is at the upper limits of normal in size but stable from prior exam. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-809] the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is at the upper limits of normal in size but stable from prior exam. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-810] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-811] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-812] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is chronic left hemidiaphragm elevation. the aorta is tortuous and ectatic with atherosclerotic calcifications. suspected left hemidiaphragm paralysis. consider a fluoroscopic evaluation for confirmation. consider of the neck and nasopharynx with intravenous contrast if there is no known potential. critical result notification documented through primordial
[Record ID: OpenI-813] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is chronic left hemidiaphragm elevation. the aorta is tortuous and ectatic with atherosclerotic calcifications. suspected left hemidiaphragm paralysis. consider a fluoroscopic evaluation for confirmation. consider of the neck and nasopharynx with intravenous contrast if there is no known potential. critical result notification documented through primordial
[Record ID: OpenI-814] there is mild cardiomegaly. the transverse is calcified. there is a moderate hiatal hernia. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted. mild cardiomegaly and moderate hiatal hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-815] there is mild cardiomegaly. the transverse is calcified. there is a moderate hiatal hernia. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted. mild cardiomegaly and moderate hiatal hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-816] heart size within normal limits. stable position of left subclavian central venous catheter. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax. mild blunting of the costophrenic bilaterally. bilateral effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-817] heart size within normal limits. stable position of left subclavian central venous catheter. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax. mild blunting of the costophrenic bilaterally. bilateral effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-818] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-819] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-820] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-821] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lower lung volumes on the ap projection. heart size is upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. implantable cardiac are visualized on the lateral projection in the region of the expected location of the mitral valve. sternotomy noted. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-822] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lower lung volumes on the ap projection. heart size is upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. implantable cardiac are visualized on the lateral projection in the region of the expected location of the mitral valve. sternotomy noted. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-823] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-824] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-825] mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-826] mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-827] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. no effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-828] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. no effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-829] the lungs are hyperexpanded. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion, focal airspace opacities or pneumothorax. no free subdiaphragmatic air. lung hyperexpansion. no focal air space disease
[Record ID: OpenI-830] the lungs are hyperexpanded. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion, focal airspace opacities or pneumothorax. no free subdiaphragmatic air. lung hyperexpansion. no focal air space disease
[Record ID: OpenI-831] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. there is again significant thoracolumbar rotatory scoliosis. the aorta is atherosclerotic. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear. hypoinflation without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-832] stable scoliosis. the lungs are clear. heart size normal. no pneumothorax. clear lungs. no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. stable scoliosis
[Record ID: OpenI-833] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. calcific granulomas are present in the right upper lobe. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-834] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. calcific granulomas are present in the right upper lobe. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-835] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-836] no findings. heart size normal. lungs clear. calcified 5 mm right upper lobe granuloma
[Record ID: OpenI-837] no findings. heart size normal. lungs clear. calcified 5 mm right upper lobe granuloma
[Record ID: OpenI-838] chest. the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. left and right. osteophytes are present at the acromioclavicular joints bilaterally and also on the humeral necks. the right glenohumeral joint is normal, but the left is narrowed. no fractures or bone destruction. chest. no active disease. left and right. bilateral degenerative joint disease, left worse than right
[Record ID: OpenI-839] chest. the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. left and right. osteophytes are present at the acromioclavicular joints bilaterally and also on the humeral necks. the right glenohumeral joint is normal, but the left is narrowed. no fractures or bone destruction. chest. no active disease. left and right. bilateral degenerative joint disease, left worse than right
[Record ID: OpenI-840] the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule. no acute cardio pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-841] the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear. borderline cardiomegaly without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-842] the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear. borderline cardiomegaly without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-843] negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. there are several small circular opacities in the right upper lung, some of which are centrally lucent. negative for bony abnormality. multiple round opacities in the right upper lobe measuring up to 7 mm. exact etiology of these is unclear
[Record ID: OpenI-844] negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. there are several small circular opacities in the right upper lung, some of which are centrally lucent. negative for bony abnormality. multiple round opacities in the right upper lobe measuring up to 7 mm. exact etiology of these is unclear
[Record ID: OpenI-845] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax, pneumomediastinum, or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the to be grossly intact. prominent rib cartilage of the anterior lower ribs seen on lateral view. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-846] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right pleural effusion is present and appears increased. no pneumothorax is identified. some scattered of right base atelectasis are seen. surgical remain in. the left lung appears clear. small right pleural effusion. increased. no pneumothorax is seen. scattered of right base atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-847] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right pleural effusion is present and appears increased. no pneumothorax is identified. some scattered of right base atelectasis are seen. surgical remain in. the left lung appears clear. small right pleural effusion. increased. no pneumothorax is seen. scattered of right base atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-848] no findings. borderline heart size. calcified aorta. no active pulmonary edema or lobar pneumonia. probable large retrocardiac hiatal hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-849] no findings. borderline heart size. calcified aorta. no active pulmonary edema or lobar pneumonia. probable large retrocardiac hiatal hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-850] the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no definite focal infiltrate. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-851] the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no definite focal infiltrate. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-852] heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. multiple calcified granulomas in the bilateral and lung parenchyma. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-853] heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. multiple calcified granulomas in the bilateral and lung parenchyma. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-854] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. no acute pulmonary findings. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-855] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. no acute pulmonary findings. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-856] normal cardiac contours. clear lung bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-857] normal cardiac contours. clear lung bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-858] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-859] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-860] heart size is within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lungs are clear bilaterally without effusion or pneumothorax. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities. no cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-861] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. vague nodular density right upper lobe overlying the right anterior 2nd and posterior 6th ribs. this could represent healing fracture or superimposed structures. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. vague left upper lobe nodular density as described above. further imaging may be helpful
[Record ID: OpenI-862] again observed is a curvilinear density in the right midlung zone which may represent some pulmonary scarring or thickening of the right fissure. there is minimal blunting of the right posterior costophrenic, consistent with a small effusion andor pleural scarring. the lung parenchyma is otherwise clear. there is mild cardiomegaly. there are degenerative changes and a mild dextroscoliosis in the thoracic spine. minimal atelectasis in the right midlung zone versus pleural scarring in the right fissure. minimal blunting of the posterior right costophrenic, consistent with a small pleural effusion andor pleural scarring. cardiomegaly. no abnormalities as compared to prior study of earlier the same
[Record ID: OpenI-863] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is grossly within normal limits. moderate thoracolumbar scoliosis and patient rotation somewhat limits evaluation of the mediastinum. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-864] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is grossly within normal limits. moderate thoracolumbar scoliosis and patient rotation somewhat limits evaluation of the mediastinum. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-865] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there has been interval removal of right chest tube with increased elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and right basilar atelectasis. left basilar consolidation and pleural effusions seen. no focal consolidation or pneumothorax. there is a stable left picc with tip overlying the mid svc and large feeding tube courses below the diaphragm. increased elevation right hemidiaphragm with right basilar atelectasis. left basilar airspace disease and pleural effusion unchanged. interval removal of right chest tube, no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-866] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there has been interval removal of right chest tube with increased elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and right basilar atelectasis. left basilar consolidation and pleural effusions seen. no focal consolidation or pneumothorax. there is a stable left picc with tip overlying the mid svc and large feeding tube courses below the diaphragm. increased elevation right hemidiaphragm with right basilar atelectasis. left basilar airspace disease and pleural effusion unchanged. interval removal of right chest tube, no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-867] the heart is borderline in size. the mediastinum is stable with changes of sternotomy and bypass graft. aorta is atherosclerotic. there are postsurgical changes of the left hemithorax with mild leftsided volume loss as evidenced by diaphragm elevation. left post thoracotomy rib changes are noted. the right lung is clear. there is no pleural effusion. stable left thoracotomy changes with leftsided volume loss. no acute interval change
[Record ID: OpenI-868] the heart is borderline in size. the mediastinum is stable with changes of sternotomy and bypass graft. aorta is atherosclerotic. there are postsurgical changes of the left hemithorax with mild leftsided volume loss as evidenced by diaphragm elevation. left post thoracotomy rib changes are noted. the right lung is clear. there is no pleural effusion. stable left thoracotomy changes with leftsided volume loss. no acute interval change
[Record ID: OpenI-869] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-870] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-871] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is mild calcification of the transverse. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine are noted. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-872] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is mild calcification of the transverse. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine are noted. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-873] lungs are free of infiltrates. however, in the left lower lobe there is a 1 cm diameter nodule that is not calcified. the right lung is clear. the heart,, and mediastinum are normal. no acute disease. left lower lobe nodule of uncertain identity. chest ct may be of further. level veriphy message sent
[Record ID: OpenI-874] lungs are free of infiltrates. however, in the left lower lobe there is a 1 cm diameter nodule that is not calcified. the right lung is clear. the heart,, and mediastinum are normal. no acute disease. left lower lobe nodule of uncertain identity. chest ct may be of further. level veriphy message sent
[Record ID: OpenI-875] the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-876] the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-877] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. there is a calcified granuloma within the left lung base. there is suggestion of a deep sulcus sign on the right. no definite pleural line of pneumothorax visualized. there is ageindeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies. no acute cardiopulmonary process. ageindeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies
[Record ID: OpenI-878] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. there is a calcified granuloma within the left lung base. there is suggestion of a deep sulcus sign on the right. no definite pleural line of pneumothorax visualized. there is ageindeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies. no acute cardiopulmonary process. ageindeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies
[Record ID: OpenI-879] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-880] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-881] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-882] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-883] there are sternotomy identified. the heart is within normal limits in size. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. there are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lungs. no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stable appearance of the chest. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-884] there are sternotomy identified. the heart is within normal limits in size. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. there are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lungs. no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stable appearance of the chest. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-885] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. stable foreign body over the left breast nipple piercing. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-886] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. stable foreign body over the left breast nipple piercing. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-887] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-888] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-889] the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is identified. the heart is normal. there are calcifications of the aortic. the skeletal structures are normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-890] mild cardiomegaly. small area of platelike atelectasis in left mid lung. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-891] mild cardiomegaly. small area of platelike atelectasis in left mid lung. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-892] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. interval improvement in lung volumes bilaterally. improved aeration of the right and left lung bases. bilateral small pleural effusions and left base atelectatic change, with interval improvement. visualized of the chest are within normal limits. interval improvement in aeration of lung bases and pleural effusions. residual small left effusion and questionable small right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-893] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. interval improvement in lung volumes bilaterally. improved aeration of the right and left lung bases. bilateral small pleural effusions and left base atelectatic change, with interval improvement. visualized of the chest are within normal limits. interval improvement in aeration of lung bases and pleural effusions. residual small left effusion and questionable small right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-894] the left hilum is retracted superiorly. in the collapsed left upper lobe are stranding and pneumatoceles. additionally, pleural thickening is present in the left apex. no infiltrates are present in the left lower lobe or in the right lung. heart size is normal. these findings are similar to the previous outside examination. stable left upper lobe collapse associated with parenchymal scarring and pleural thickening. findings consistent with previous active pulmonary tuberculosis pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-895] the left hilum is retracted superiorly. in the collapsed left upper lobe are stranding and pneumatoceles. additionally, pleural thickening is present in the left apex. no infiltrates are present in the left lower lobe or in the right lung. heart size is normal. these findings are similar to the previous outside examination. stable left upper lobe collapse associated with parenchymal scarring and pleural thickening. findings consistent with previous active pulmonary tuberculosis pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-896] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. stable right lower lobe calcified granulomas. thin lingular scar, unchanged. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. surgical clips are visualized in the right upper quadrant. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-897] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. stable right lower lobe calcified granulomas. thin lingular scar, unchanged. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. surgical clips are visualized in the right upper quadrant. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-898] the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. mediastinal contours appear normal. there is no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-899] the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. mediastinal contours appear normal. there is no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-900] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. stable granuloma in the left lower lung zone. thoracic spondylosis. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-901] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. stable granuloma in the left lower lung zone. thoracic spondylosis. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-902] no unusual findings. comparison. no suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-903] lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. mediastinum normal. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-904] lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. mediastinum normal. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-905] the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-906] the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-907] lungs are without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal status post sternotomy. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. incidental note is of previous left rotator repair. lungs without focal consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-908] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-909] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-910] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with normal sized heart. degenerative changes in the spine. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-911] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with normal sized heart. degenerative changes in the spine. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-912] low lung volumes are noted. allowing for technical factors the heart size is normal. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is increased bilateral predominantly perihilar interstitial opacity, consistent with pulmonary edema. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the are unremarkable. increased bilateral interstitial opacity, consistent with mild interstitial edema
[Record ID: OpenI-913] low lung volumes are noted. allowing for technical factors the heart size is normal. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is increased bilateral predominantly perihilar interstitial opacity, consistent with pulmonary edema. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the are unremarkable. increased bilateral interstitial opacity, consistent with mild interstitial edema
[Record ID: OpenI-914] stable moderate cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours are unchanged. stable prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature with coarse central interstitial markings. decreased left basilar airspace disease. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable moderate cardiomegaly with prominent central pulmonary vasculature. improved left basilar atelectasis or infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-915] stable moderate cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours are unchanged. stable prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature with coarse central interstitial markings. decreased left basilar airspace disease. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable moderate cardiomegaly with prominent central pulmonary vasculature. improved left basilar atelectasis or infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-916] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-917] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-918] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are tspine osteophytes. calcified granuloma in the right apex. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-919] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are tspine osteophytes. calcified granuloma in the right apex. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-920] cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes. there is no focal opacities. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-921] cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes. there is no focal opacities. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-922] the lungs are clear. there is hyperinflation. calcification is seen over the anterior mediastinum a calcified lymph node at is not identified on the pa projection. the heart is normal. arthritic changes the spine are seen. copd and old granulomatous disease
[Record ID: OpenI-923] the lungs are clear. there is hyperinflation. calcification is seen over the anterior mediastinum a calcified lymph node at is not identified on the pa projection. the heart is normal. arthritic changes the spine are seen. copd and old granulomatous disease
[Record ID: OpenI-924] negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. negative for focal confluent airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax. a few scattered calcified granulomas are identified. no acute cardiothoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-925] negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. negative for focal confluent airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax. a few scattered calcified granulomas are identified. no acute cardiothoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-926] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-927] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-928] the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-929] the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-930] the heart is borderline size. aorta is atherosclerotic. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear. mild stable cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-931] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. senescent changes of the spine are seen. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-932] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. senescent changes of the spine are seen. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-933] 2 images. moderate thoracic dextroscoliosis, similar to prior imaging. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidation is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute changes from prior imaging
[Record ID: OpenI-934] 2 images. moderate thoracic dextroscoliosis, similar to prior imaging. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidation is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute changes from prior imaging
[Record ID: OpenI-935] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. pacemaker leads are within the right atrium and ventricle. lungs demonstrate there is right lower lobe airspace disease and small effusion suspicious for pneumonia. left lung is clear. there is no pneumothorax. right lower lobe airspace disease and small effusion probably representing pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-936] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is a region of left upper lobe perihilar opacity identified. left upper lobe pneumonia. followup radiographs after appropriate therapy in 812 weeks are indicated to exclude an underlying abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-937] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is a region of left upper lobe perihilar opacity identified. left upper lobe pneumonia. followup radiographs after appropriate therapy in 812 weeks are indicated to exclude an underlying abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-938] no findings. low lung volumes lungs appear clear heart and pulmonary are normal pleural spaces are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-939] no findings. low lung volumes lungs appear clear heart and pulmonary are normal pleural spaces are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-940] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-941] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-942] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-943] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. right middle lobe calcified granuloma is unchanged. heart and mediastinum unchanged. no change hiatus hernia. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-944] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. right middle lobe calcified granuloma is unchanged. heart and mediastinum unchanged. no change hiatus hernia. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-945] heart size normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. no bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-946] heart size normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. no bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-947] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-948] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-949] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-950] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-951] blunting of the costophrenic represents scarring. no pleural effusion is identified on the lateral view. there is no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax is present. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits are in the pulmonary vasculature is normal. scarring at the lateral costophrenic. otherwise no significant radiographic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-952] blunting of the costophrenic represents scarring. no pleural effusion is identified on the lateral view. there is no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax is present. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits are in the pulmonary vasculature is normal. scarring at the lateral costophrenic. otherwise no significant radiographic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-953] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy identified. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-954] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy identified. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-955] normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace opacity. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-956] normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace opacity. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-957] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-958] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-959] chronicappearing opacities are unchanged and represent emphysema. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal airspace opacities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-960] chronicappearing opacities are unchanged and represent emphysema. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal airspace opacities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-961] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-962] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-963] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-964] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-965] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-966] normal heart size. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. left nipple silhouette visualized. negative for acute bone abnormality. hyperexpanded lungs, otherwise clear
[Record ID: OpenI-967] normal heart size. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. left nipple silhouette visualized. negative for acute bone abnormality. hyperexpanded lungs, otherwise clear
[Record ID: OpenI-968] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. there is right upper lobe airspace disease.. there is a rounded nodular opacity in the left upper lung measuring approximately 7 mm which may represent further sequela of infectious process versus other pathology. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. right upper lobe pneumonia. rounded nodular opacity in the peripheral left upper lung which may represent further sequela infectious process versus other pathology including metastatic disease in a patient with thyroid cancer. follow up to resolution recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-969] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. there is right upper lobe airspace disease.. there is a rounded nodular opacity in the left upper lung measuring approximately 7 mm which may represent further sequela of infectious process versus other pathology. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. right upper lobe pneumonia. rounded nodular opacity in the peripheral left upper lung which may represent further sequela infectious process versus other pathology including metastatic disease in a patient with thyroid cancer. follow up to resolution recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-970] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in the small calcified right upper lobe nodule. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-971] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in the small calcified right upper lobe nodule. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-972] pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. mild basilar atelectasis. increased density the lung bases, favored this attenuation from overlying breast shadows. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-973] pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. mild basilar atelectasis. increased density the lung bases, favored this attenuation from overlying breast shadows. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-974] a patchy infiltrate has developed in the right middle lobe. left lung is clear. heart size normal. aorta tortuous. right middle lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-975] a patchy infiltrate has developed in the right middle lobe. left lung is clear. heart size normal. aorta tortuous. right middle lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-976] there has been previous aortic valve replacement. heart is towards upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion. the skeletal structures are normal. the soft tissues are normal. question mild pulmonary vascular congestion in a patient with prosthetic aortic valve
[Record ID: OpenI-977] there has been previous aortic valve replacement. heart is towards upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion. the skeletal structures are normal. the soft tissues are normal. question mild pulmonary vascular congestion in a patient with prosthetic aortic valve
[Record ID: OpenI-978] the lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-979] the lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-980] changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-981] changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-982] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-983] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-984] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-985] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-986] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left perihilar scarring is noted in the upper lobe. streaky opacities in the retrocardiac region reflect mild subsegmental atelectasis. there is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. mild leftsided scarringsubsegmental atelectasis. no definite infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-987] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left perihilar scarring is noted in the upper lobe. streaky opacities in the retrocardiac region reflect mild subsegmental atelectasis. there is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. mild leftsided scarringsubsegmental atelectasis. no definite infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-988] right subclavian catheter, distal tip posterior to the head of the clavicle, the level of the subclavian vein. low lung volumes. no pleural effusion. left lower lobe airspace disease, atelectasis. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal. intact. right subclavian catheter, distal tip in the region of the subclavian vein at the level of clavicular head. low lung volumes, with left lower lung atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-989] right subclavian catheter, distal tip posterior to the head of the clavicle, the level of the subclavian vein. low lung volumes. no pleural effusion. left lower lobe airspace disease, atelectasis. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal. intact. right subclavian catheter, distal tip in the region of the subclavian vein at the level of clavicular head. low lung volumes, with left lower lung atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-990] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-991] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-992] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. lungs demonstrate left lower lobe air space opacity with atelectasis without significant change. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. left lower lobe air space opacities without significant change
[Record ID: OpenI-993] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. lungs demonstrate left lower lobe air space opacity with atelectasis without significant change. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. left lower lobe air space opacities without significant change
[Record ID: OpenI-994] the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-995] the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-996] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-997] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-998] clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal cardiac contours. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-999] clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal cardiac contours. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1000] the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1001] the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1002] no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. heart size normal. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1003] no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. heart size normal. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1004] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1005] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1006] no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1007] no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1008] heart size is upper limits of normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1009] heart size is upper limits of normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1010] no findings. heart size, mediastinal silhouette and vascularity normal. no lobar consolidation, pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. approximately 1 cm right middle lobe nodular opacity. not showing benign type calcification, consider followup of the chest for characterization
[Record ID: OpenI-1011] no findings. heart size, mediastinal silhouette and vascularity normal. no lobar consolidation, pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. approximately 1 cm right middle lobe nodular opacity. not showing benign type calcification, consider followup of the chest for characterization
[Record ID: OpenI-1012] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1013] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1014] patchy airspace disease is present in the lateral view probably within the right lower lobe. there is severe underlying emphysema. the aorta is calcified. there is spondylosis. patchy airspace disease on the lateral view, probably within the right lower lobe, a pneumonia superimposed on severe underlying emphysema. recommend following this process to resolution
[Record ID: OpenI-1015] patchy airspace disease is present in the lateral view probably within the right lower lobe. there is severe underlying emphysema. the aorta is calcified. there is spondylosis. patchy airspace disease on the lateral view, probably within the right lower lobe, a pneumonia superimposed on severe underlying emphysema. recommend following this process to resolution
[Record ID: OpenI-1016] the heart is enlarged. the left subclavian icd is again identified. there is again hilar enlargement, superimposes enlarged pulmonary vasculature. opacities are unchanged and compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. there is no large pleural effusion or focal consolidation. stable moderate to marked cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-1017] mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1018] mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1019] the lungs remain hyperexpanded. no masses or infiltrates in the lungs. no pleural or mediastinal air collections. heart size normal. chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1020] the lungs remain hyperexpanded. no masses or infiltrates in the lungs. no pleural or mediastinal air collections. heart size normal. chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1021] lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1022] lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1023] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. calcified right hilar lymph. heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. sternotomy and prosthetic aortic valve noted. no acute pulmonary abnormality. mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-1024] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. calcified right hilar lymph. heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. sternotomy and prosthetic aortic valve noted. no acute pulmonary abnormality. mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-1025] no findings. there are 2 masses within the right chest, largest over the right heart measuring up to 8 x 4 cm. the appearance is concerning for metastatic disease, given the history of rightsided breast cancer
[Record ID: OpenI-1026] no findings. there are 2 masses within the right chest, largest over the right heart measuring up to 8 x 4 cm. the appearance is concerning for metastatic disease, given the history of rightsided breast cancer
[Record ID: OpenI-1027] there is a 5 cm nodular opacity projecting over left hilum. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. opacities representing surgical clips, in the midline at the level of the thoracic inlet. prominence of left hilum which could be due to nodulelymph node or superimposing blood. in the absence of prior studies for comparison, chest for further evaluation. result notification primordial
[Record ID: OpenI-1028] there is a 5 cm nodular opacity projecting over left hilum. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. opacities representing surgical clips, in the midline at the level of the thoracic inlet. prominence of left hilum which could be due to nodulelymph node or superimposing blood. in the absence of prior studies for comparison, chest for further evaluation. result notification primordial
[Record ID: OpenI-1029] there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1030] the cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. otherwise, there is no focal opacity. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. borderline enlargement of the cardiac silhouette without acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1031] the cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. otherwise, there is no focal opacity. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. borderline enlargement of the cardiac silhouette without acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1032] there are low lung volumes. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1033] there are low lung volumes. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1034] there is right basilar opacity with associated blunting of the costophrenic seen on lateral view. in addition, there is a interface along the left hemidiaphragm. this may represent attenuation artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus views would better evaluate. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. right basilar opacity with associated blunting of costophrenic on lateral view may represent small pleural effusion, atelectasis, andor consolidation. interface at the left hemidiaphragm may represent artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus films would better evaluate
[Record ID: OpenI-1035] there is right basilar opacity with associated blunting of the costophrenic seen on lateral view. in addition, there is a interface along the left hemidiaphragm. this may represent attenuation artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus views would better evaluate. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. right basilar opacity with associated blunting of costophrenic on lateral view may represent small pleural effusion, atelectasis, andor consolidation. interface at the left hemidiaphragm may represent artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus films would better evaluate
[Record ID: OpenI-1036] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance. no acute or pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1037] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance. no acute or pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1038] lungs are hyperexpanded. bullae are present in the upper lobes. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. findings of copd. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1039] lungs are hyperexpanded. bullae are present in the upper lobes. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. findings of copd. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1040] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1041] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1042] no findings. heart size normal. lungs are clear. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph unchanged. old fracture deformity of approximately t6
[Record ID: OpenI-1043] no findings. heart size normal. lungs are clear. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph unchanged. old fracture deformity of approximately t6
[Record ID: OpenI-1044] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1045] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1046] the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there are no focal air space opacities. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there are calcified hilar lymph suggesting prior granulomatous disease. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute osseous abnormality. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1047] the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there are no focal air space opacities. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there are calcified hilar lymph suggesting prior granulomatous disease. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute osseous abnormality. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1048] there is a 6 mm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. this appears from the prior study. the lungs otherwise appear clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. heart size and mediastinal contour appear within normal limits. no acute traumatic findings. right upper lobe 6 mm nodular opacity. this may be artifactual secondary to overlapping vascular structures. however, true pulmonary nodule is a possibility. this appears from. consider further evaluation with dedicated pa and lateral chest radiographs the patient is
[Record ID: OpenI-1049] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1050] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. there is a small calcified granuloma in the right midlung. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1051] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. there is a small calcified granuloma in the right midlung. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1052] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma within the left midlung. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1053] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma within the left midlung. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1054] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1055] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1056] the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the infrahilar right lung. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1057] the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the infrahilar right lung. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1058] chest. the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. thoracic spine. the examination consists of frontal, lateral and swimmers lateral radiographs of the thoracic spine. there is no evidence of fracture or malalignment. the vertebral body and disc spaces are maintained. sternum. the examination consists of 2 oblique and one lateral radiograph of the sternum. no displaced fracture demonstrated. no radiographic evidence of acute thoracic
[Record ID: OpenI-1059] chest. the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. thoracic spine. the examination consists of frontal, lateral and swimmers lateral radiographs of the thoracic spine. there is no evidence of fracture or malalignment. the vertebral body and disc spaces are maintained. sternum. the examination consists of 2 oblique and one lateral radiograph of the sternum. no displaced fracture demonstrated. no radiographic evidence of acute thoracic
[Record ID: OpenI-1060] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1061] the heart size is normal with stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are stable calcified right peritracheal lymph. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-1062] the heart size is normal with stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are stable calcified right peritracheal lymph. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-1063] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. bilateral hilar fullness is present consistent with adenopathy. the appearance is unchanged. there is prominence of the interstitial markings bilaterally. these are also unchanged. no focal superimposed airspace disease is seen. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted. continued hilar fullness consistent with adenopathy and bilateral interstitial opacities. stable as compared to earlier study. the changes are compatible with known diagnosis of sarcoidosis
[Record ID: OpenI-1064] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. bilateral hilar fullness is present consistent with adenopathy. the appearance is unchanged. there is prominence of the interstitial markings bilaterally. these are also unchanged. no focal superimposed airspace disease is seen. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted. continued hilar fullness consistent with adenopathy and bilateral interstitial opacities. stable as compared to earlier study. the changes are compatible with known diagnosis of sarcoidosis
[Record ID: OpenI-1065] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1066] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1067] the lungs are clear. there are calcified left hilar lymph. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are notable for an old apparent fracture at t12l1 or congenital fusion unchanged from the prior study. no acute pulmonary disease. possible old injury or developmental anomaly partially t12l1
[Record ID: OpenI-1068] the lungs are clear. there are calcified left hilar lymph. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are notable for an old apparent fracture at t12l1 or congenital fusion unchanged from the prior study. no acute pulmonary disease. possible old injury or developmental anomaly partially t12l1
[Record ID: OpenI-1069] no findings. rightsided perihilar calcified lymph and infracarinal calcified lymph. these represent previous granulomatous disease. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. normal heart size. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1070] no findings. rightsided perihilar calcified lymph and infracarinal calcified lymph. these represent previous granulomatous disease. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. normal heart size. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1071] lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1072] lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1073] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. calcified right paratracheal lymph are seen. aorta is atherosclerotic. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated without focal consolidation. there is no pleural effusion. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1074] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. calcified right paratracheal lymph are seen. aorta is atherosclerotic. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated without focal consolidation. there is no pleural effusion. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1075] heart, mediastinum,, bony structures and lung are unremarkable. stable small calcified granuloma left base. no acute findingsopacitiesinfiltrates noted. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1076] heart, mediastinum,, bony structures and lung are unremarkable. stable small calcified granuloma left base. no acute findingsopacitiesinfiltrates noted. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1077] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax. no effusions. multiple old rightsided rib fractures again noted. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1078] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax. no effusions. multiple old rightsided rib fractures again noted. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1079] normal cardiomediastinal contours. right lower lung patchy opacities. small right pneumothorax. small right pleural effusion. small right apical pneumothorax. right middle and lower lobe patchy opacities, residual atelectasis. nearcomplete resolution of rightsided pleural effusion with residual
[Record ID: OpenI-1080] normal cardiomediastinal contours. right lower lung patchy opacities. small right pneumothorax. small right pleural effusion. small right apical pneumothorax. right middle and lower lobe patchy opacities, residual atelectasis. nearcomplete resolution of rightsided pleural effusion with residual
[Record ID: OpenI-1081] heart size is moderately enlarged. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity demonstrated on the lateral study. there is a fracture of superior sternotomy unchanged. possible right lower lobe pneumonia. cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-1082] heart size is moderately enlarged. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity demonstrated on the lateral study. there is a fracture of superior sternotomy unchanged. possible right lower lobe pneumonia. cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-1083] normal heart size is prominent left ventricular contour. unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1084] normal heart size is prominent left ventricular contour. unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1085] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. a few bandlike opacities are present which are to represent small areas of scarring or atelectasis. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. calcified granuloma is present in the left lung. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1086] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. a few bandlike opacities are present which are to represent small areas of scarring or atelectasis. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. calcified granuloma is present in the left lung. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1087] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there is a vague 6 cm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe between the anterior second and third ribs, which could represent focal infiltrate or lung nodule. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. vague nodular opacity in the right lobe, which could represent focal infiltrate or nodule. recommend followup to resolution
[Record ID: OpenI-1088] cardiomegaly is present. this is unchanged. there is mild prominence of the pulmonary vascularity which is unchanged. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. cardiomegaly with mild vascular prominence. no change
[Record ID: OpenI-1089] the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1090] the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1091] the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1092] the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1093] mild cardiomegaly. normal size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable. mild cardiomegaly. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-1094] mild cardiomegaly. normal size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable. mild cardiomegaly. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-1095] no unusual findings. normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. no of pleural effusions. no infiltrates. normal of chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1096] no unusual findings. normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. no of pleural effusions. no infiltrates. normal of chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1097] the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. there is a small retrocardiac density which may be secondary to small hiatal hernia. left ij catheter tip at cavoatrial junction. no pneumothorax is seen. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1098] the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. there is a small retrocardiac density which may be secondary to small hiatal hernia. left ij catheter tip at cavoatrial junction. no pneumothorax is seen. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1099] and lateral chest examination was obtained. calcified granuloma seen. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1100] and lateral chest examination was obtained. calcified granuloma seen. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1101] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1102] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1103] no findings. heart size is normal. bilateral nipple shadows seen. 5 mm left lower lobe granuloma. heart size normal. no effusions. lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-1104] no findings. heart size is normal. bilateral nipple shadows seen. 5 mm left lower lobe granuloma. heart size normal. no effusions. lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-1105] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1106] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1107] no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1108] no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1109] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and scattered opacities in the bilateral lung bases. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. no acute, displaced rib fractures identified. pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding and minimal bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1110] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and scattered opacities in the bilateral lung bases. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. no acute, displaced rib fractures identified. pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding and minimal bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1111] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and scattered opacities in the bilateral lung bases. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. no acute, displaced rib fractures identified. pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding and minimal bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1112] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. spinal stimulator is in with tip overlying the t9 vertebral body. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-1113] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. spinal stimulator is in with tip overlying the t9 vertebral body. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-1114] no findings. picc catheter tip mid svc. heart size normal. lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-1115] no findings. picc catheter tip mid svc. heart size normal. lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-1116] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. leftsided chest is again visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules have increased in size and number compared to prior study. the dominant nodulemass in the left midlung is also mildly increased. there is no pleural effusion. interval increase in size and number of innumerable bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with worsening metastatic disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1117] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. leftsided chest is again visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules have increased in size and number compared to prior study. the dominant nodulemass in the left midlung is also mildly increased. there is no pleural effusion. interval increase in size and number of innumerable bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with worsening metastatic disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1118] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. leftsided chest is again visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules have increased in size and number compared to prior study. the dominant nodulemass in the left midlung is also mildly increased. there is no pleural effusion. interval increase in size and number of innumerable bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with worsening metastatic disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1119] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1120] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1121] overall hyperexpanded lungs with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. hyperexpanded but clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-1122] overall hyperexpanded lungs with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. hyperexpanded but clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-1123] there is persistent cardiomegaly with suggestion of left atrial enlargement as evidenced by cardiac contour the lateral image and density on the frontal image. the lungs are clear. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. persistent cardiomegaly. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-1124] there is persistent cardiomegaly with suggestion of left atrial enlargement as evidenced by cardiac contour the lateral image and density on the frontal image. the lungs are clear. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. persistent cardiomegaly. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-1125] normal heart. calcified right hilar granulomas. no focal infiltrate. midline trachea. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1126] normal heart. calcified right hilar granulomas. no focal infiltrate. midline trachea. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1127] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1128] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1129] the heart size is normal. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. postsurgical changes of left hemithorax are stable. skin have been removed since prior study study. the left apical pneumothorax has resolved. there are mild chronic opacities in the left lung base with probable small residual effusion. the right lung is grossly clear. stable postsurgical changes of left hemithorax with resolution of small apical pneumothorax and basilar air space opacities
[Record ID: OpenI-1130] the heart size is normal. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. postsurgical changes of left hemithorax are stable. skin have been removed since prior study study. the left apical pneumothorax has resolved. there are mild chronic opacities in the left lung base with probable small residual effusion. the right lung is grossly clear. stable postsurgical changes of left hemithorax with resolution of small apical pneumothorax and basilar air space opacities
[Record ID: OpenI-1131] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-1132] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-1133] there is some minimal biapical scarring. a calcified granuloma is present in the right middle lobe. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1134] there is some minimal biapical scarring. a calcified granuloma is present in the right middle lobe. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1135] heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1136] heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1137] the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. patient status post sternotomy and cabg. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1138] the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. patient status post sternotomy and cabg. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1139] heart size is mildly enlarged but stable.. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1140] heart size is mildly enlarged but stable.. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1141] there is a lobulated contour to the right paratracheal stripe, possibly consistent with a vascular structure or lymph. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. lobulated contour of the right paratracheal stripe. this may represent a vascular structure or enlarged lymph node and could be evaluated further with chest ct. otherwise, no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1142] there is a lobulated contour to the right paratracheal stripe, possibly consistent with a vascular structure or lymph. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. lobulated contour of the right paratracheal stripe. this may represent a vascular structure or enlarged lymph node and could be evaluated further with chest ct. otherwise, no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1143] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. aortic, cardiac apex, and stomach are leftsided. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. dextroconvex scoliotic curvature of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1144] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. aortic, cardiac apex, and stomach are leftsided. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. dextroconvex scoliotic curvature of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1145] examination is somewhat limited, the costophrenic and posterior costophrenic sulci are excluded. patient is rotated to the right. heart size upper limits normal, but stable. mediastinal contour is grossly unremarkable. lung parenchyma is clear, no focal airspace consolidation. no large effusion, no visible pneumothorax within the limits of the study. exam somewhat limited, costophrenic excluded. stable mild cardiomegaly. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-1146] examination is somewhat limited, the costophrenic and posterior costophrenic sulci are excluded. patient is rotated to the right. heart size upper limits normal, but stable. mediastinal contour is grossly unremarkable. lung parenchyma is clear, no focal airspace consolidation. no large effusion, no visible pneumothorax within the limits of the study. exam somewhat limited, costophrenic excluded. stable mild cardiomegaly. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-1147] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. a few bandlike opacities are present on the lateral view which appear to represent small areas of scarring. surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1148] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. a few bandlike opacities are present on the lateral view which appear to represent small areas of scarring. surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1149] the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1150] the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1151] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1152] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1153] heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no acute bony changes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1154] heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no acute bony changes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1155] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with ectasia of the aorta. heart size is upper limits of normal. degenerative changes in the spine. stable appearance of the chest without acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1156] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with ectasia of the aorta. heart size is upper limits of normal. degenerative changes in the spine. stable appearance of the chest without acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1157] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1158] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1159] lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1160] lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1161] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute displaced rib fractures. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1162] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute displaced rib fractures. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1163] clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal cardiac contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1164] clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal cardiac contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1165] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are underinflated, but given the underinflation, the appear enlarged, more than on the exam and. osteophytic degeneration kyphotic thoracic spine. mid and lower thoracic vertebroplasty has been performed. a rightsided chest is present with its tip in the upper svc. no active infiltrate. marked enlargement of the bilaterally, increased since the prior, adenopathy. underinflated lungs with basilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1166] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. heart size normal. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1167] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. heart size normal. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1168] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1169] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1170] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. emphysematous changes are identified. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. emphysema without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1171] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. emphysematous changes are identified. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. emphysema without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1172] no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. left axillary surgical clips unchanged visualized of the chest are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1173] no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. left axillary surgical clips unchanged visualized of the chest are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1174] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. a right humeral intramedullary is noted incidentally, without evidence of complicating features. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1175] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. a right humeral intramedullary is noted incidentally, without evidence of complicating features. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1176] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. scoliosis and arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. there is increased kyphosis of the thoracic spine similar to the prior study. senescent changes no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1177] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. gastrostomy tube is noted. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1178] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. gastrostomy tube is noted. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1179] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1180] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1181] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-1182] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-1183] large calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is unchanged. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacification. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1184] large calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is unchanged. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacification. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1185] the lungs are mildly hyperinflated, with upper lobe areas of lung lucency suggesting obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema. no superimposed focal airspace consolidation is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is normal. emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-1186] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-1187] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-1188] there is stable prominence of the pulmonary interstitium. and fluid containing density seen adjacent to the heart is stable, most consistent with a moderate sized hiatal hernia. there is stable tortuosity andor ectasia of the thoracic aorta, with calcification of the aortic. no pleural effusion, focal airspace disease or pneumothorax. stable exaggerated kyphosis of the thoracic spine, stable anterior wedge deformities of at 2 thoracic vertebral bodies at the apex of the kyphotic curvature. diffuse osteopenia. no acute pulmonary disease. stable moderate hiatal hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-1189] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1190] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1191] borderline cardiomegaly. midline sternotomy. enlarged pulmonary arteries. clear lungs. inferior. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1192] borderline cardiomegaly. midline sternotomy. enlarged pulmonary arteries. clear lungs. inferior. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1193] no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. there are stable anterior wedge deformities of 2 midthoracic vertebral bodies. no acute findings. stable midthoracic vertebral body fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-1194] no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. there are stable anterior wedge deformities of 2 midthoracic vertebral bodies. no acute findings. stable midthoracic vertebral body fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-1195] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1196] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1197] the heart is enlarged, stable compared to the previous exam. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable. stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1198] the heart is enlarged, stable compared to the previous exam. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable. stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1199] there is mild hyperinflation. there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. cardiac generator overlies the left upper thorax with tips overlying the right atrium and ventricles. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1200] the heart size is moderate to severely enlarged. there is prominence of the central pulmonary suggesting pulmonary artery hypertension. there has been removal of the rightsided picc line. there is persistent left basilar airspace opacity with left costophrenic blunting which is not evident on the lateral exam. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there is no pneumothorax. moderatetosevere cardiomegaly with probable pulmonary artery hypertension. persistent left basilar opacity without significant effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-1201] the heart size is moderate to severely enlarged. there is prominence of the central pulmonary suggesting pulmonary artery hypertension. there has been removal of the rightsided picc line. there is persistent left basilar airspace opacity with left costophrenic blunting which is not evident on the lateral exam. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there is no pneumothorax. moderatetosevere cardiomegaly with probable pulmonary artery hypertension. persistent left basilar opacity without significant effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-1202] heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. there is a large hiatal hernia seen projecting in the retrocardiac region. this is from prior examination. there is associated atelectasis in the left lung base. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. large hiatal hernia. left base atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1203] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. the mediastinum is normal. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease. no gross evidence for rib fracture
[Record ID: OpenI-1204] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. the mediastinum is normal. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease. no gross evidence for rib fracture
[Record ID: OpenI-1205] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. there are reticular opacities in the medial right middle lobe with tubular airway ectasia which obscures the right heart. this was present previously and is most compatible with bronchiectasis. there is no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary process. stable right middle lobe bronchiectasis, postinfectiouspostinflammatory
[Record ID: OpenI-1206] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. there are reticular opacities in the medial right middle lobe with tubular airway ectasia which obscures the right heart. this was present previously and is most compatible with bronchiectasis. there is no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary process. stable right middle lobe bronchiectasis, postinfectiouspostinflammatory
[Record ID: OpenI-1207] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no evidence of metastatic disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1208] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no evidence of metastatic disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1209] no findings. stable left lower lung calcified granuloma. otherwise lungs are clear. leftsided perihilar calcified lymph node, unchanged. no of the pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease. no of active tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-1210] no findings. stable left lower lung calcified granuloma. otherwise lungs are clear. leftsided perihilar calcified lymph node, unchanged. no of the pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease. no of active tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-1211] intact sternotomy and cabg markers. calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. tspine degenerative changes. postsurgical changes of cabg without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1212] intact sternotomy and cabg markers. calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. tspine degenerative changes. postsurgical changes of cabg without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1213] a large pleural air collection is present on the right. mediastinum is shifted to the left as compared to the previous examination. the right lower lobe is totally opaque. large right pneumothorax with associated complete collapse of the right lower lobe
[Record ID: OpenI-1214] a large pleural air collection is present on the right. mediastinum is shifted to the left as compared to the previous examination. the right lower lobe is totally opaque. large right pneumothorax with associated complete collapse of the right lower lobe
[Record ID: OpenI-1215] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1216] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1217] no findings. tracheostomy tube in satisfactory position with tip in the mid intrathoracic trachea. illdefined 5 cm x 9 cm irregular density in the left lower lung, lower lobe. this is superimposed on a background of probable emphysematous lung. although this could be scar, concern is for nodule, and further evaluation chest is recommended. a message was left with doctor service at 142 pm mild bilateral costophrenic blunting due to small bilateral pleural effusions versus due to the degree of lung hyperinflation. osteopenia. minimal loss of of an upper thoracic vertebra. irregular 8 cm density projecting over the left posterior rib 8 callus with similar less severe changes involving the two subjacent ribs posteriorly. heart size normal
[Record ID: OpenI-1218] no findings. tracheostomy tube in satisfactory position with tip in the mid intrathoracic trachea. illdefined 5 cm x 9 cm irregular density in the left lower lung, lower lobe. this is superimposed on a background of probable emphysematous lung. although this could be scar, concern is for nodule, and further evaluation chest is recommended. a message was left with doctor service at 142 pm mild bilateral costophrenic blunting due to small bilateral pleural effusions versus due to the degree of lung hyperinflation. osteopenia. minimal loss of of an upper thoracic vertebra. irregular 8 cm density projecting over the left posterior rib 8 callus with similar less severe changes involving the two subjacent ribs posteriorly. heart size normal
[Record ID: OpenI-1219] leftsided medication injection has its tip projecting at the cavoatrial junction. the trachea is midline. extensive bilateral bronchiectasis, cystic changes, and scarring represents sequela from the patients cystic fibrosis. no evidence of focal pulmonary infiltrate or pleural effusion. no large pneumothorax has developed in the interim. the overlying bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. the heart size is normal. extensive pulmonary bronchiectasis and scarring from cystic fibrosis, not significantly from prior. leftsided medication injection has its tip projecting over the cavoatrial junction
[Record ID: OpenI-1220] leftsided medication injection has its tip projecting at the cavoatrial junction. the trachea is midline. extensive bilateral bronchiectasis, cystic changes, and scarring represents sequela from the patients cystic fibrosis. no evidence of focal pulmonary infiltrate or pleural effusion. no large pneumothorax has developed in the interim. the overlying bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. the heart size is normal. extensive pulmonary bronchiectasis and scarring from cystic fibrosis, not significantly from prior. leftsided medication injection has its tip projecting over the cavoatrial junction
[Record ID: OpenI-1221] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1222] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic are noted. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1223] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic are noted. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1224] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. heart size normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1225] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. heart size normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1226] normal heart size. the lungs are clear without pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the trachea is midline and. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1227] normal heart size. the lungs are clear without pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the trachea is midline and. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1228] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1229] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1230] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. there are no large pleural effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1231] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. there are no large pleural effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1232] no findings. lordotic film. low lung volumes. heart size within normal limits for this projection. lower thoracic spine fusion. small area of atelectasis or infiltrate adjacent to the right inferior hilum. this may be projectional followup films may be helpful
[Record ID: OpenI-1233] no findings. lordotic film. low lung volumes. heart size within normal limits for this projection. lower thoracic spine fusion. small area of atelectasis or infiltrate adjacent to the right inferior hilum. this may be projectional followup films may be helpful
[Record ID: OpenI-1234] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1235] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1236] heart size is normal. mild lung hyperexpansion. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1237] heart size is normal. mild lung hyperexpansion. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1238] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1239] the heart size is moderately enlarged. there is evidence of previous aortic valve replacement. sternotomy are grossly intact. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are chronically increased interstitial lung markings without superimposed focal airspace disease identified. there are degenerative changes of the spine. cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease noted
[Record ID: OpenI-1240] the heart size is moderately enlarged. there is evidence of previous aortic valve replacement. sternotomy are grossly intact. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are chronically increased interstitial lung markings without superimposed focal airspace disease identified. there are degenerative changes of the spine. cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease noted
[Record ID: OpenI-1241] no findings. stable minimal cardiomegaly. lungs are clear. no pneumonia. minimal degenerative spurring thoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-1242] no findings. stable minimal cardiomegaly. lungs are clear. no pneumonia. minimal degenerative spurring thoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-1243] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1244] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1245] the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1246] the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1247] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1248] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1249] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1250] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1251] apical lordotic frontal view. considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. dense left lower lung nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1252] apical lordotic frontal view. considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. dense left lower lung nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1253] no findings. slight cardiomegaly. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-1254] no findings. slight cardiomegaly. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-1255] low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. streaky bibasilar airspace opacities. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities, subsegmental atelectasis over infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-1256] low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. streaky bibasilar airspace opacities. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities, subsegmental atelectasis over infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-1257] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1258] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1259] pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. probable dish of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1260] lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1261] lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1262] the heart size is normal. tortuous aorta. otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. low lung volumes. mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. there is streaky opacity within the right lower lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. streaky right lower lobe infiltrate versus atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1263] the heart size is normal. tortuous aorta. otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. low lung volumes. mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. there is streaky opacity within the right lower lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. streaky right lower lobe infiltrate versus atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1264] the lungs are clear. no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-1265] the lungs are clear. no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-1266] no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. stable left subclavian chest catheter tip in mid svc. lungs are well expanded. calcified granuloma posteriorly in the medial right lower lobe. postsurgical changes of anterior lower cervical spine fusion. thoracic spine demonstrates mild degenerative changes with some mild loss of t4 and t7 vertebral bodies. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1267] the heart is upper limits of normal in size. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1268] no findings. stable appearing hyperinflated chest. postop changes mediastinum as before. no suspicious appearing lung nodules or acute airspace disease. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-1269] no findings. stable appearing hyperinflated chest. postop changes mediastinum as before. no suspicious appearing lung nodules or acute airspace disease. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-1270] lungs are hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. no focal air space consolidation. hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-1271] lungs are hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. no focal air space consolidation. hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-1272] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1273] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1274] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the ascending aorta is prominent and descending thoracic aorta is is tortuous. aorta appears unchanged as compared to the study. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules are identified. there is an oblong density projecting over the anterior left 7th rib. appearance suggests an old rib fracture. this is since the previous study. clear lungs. apparent old rib fractures in the left anterior chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1275] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. unchanged degenerative changes to the thoracic spine. unremarkable chest radiograph. unchanged degenerative joint disease of the thoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-1276] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. unchanged degenerative changes to the thoracic spine. unremarkable chest radiograph. unchanged degenerative joint disease of the thoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-1277] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. there is calcification of the thoracic aorta. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence of pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1278] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. there is calcification of the thoracic aorta. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence of pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1279] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. there is a stable calcified granuloma within the left lower lobe. there are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1280] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. there is a stable calcified granuloma within the left lower lobe. there are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1281] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal. intact. mild degenerative change of the lower thoracic spine, anterior osteophytes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1282] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal. intact. mild degenerative change of the lower thoracic spine, anterior osteophytes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1283] heart size is normal. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal air space opacities. mild degenerative osteophytes are noted in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1284] heart size is normal. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal air space opacities. mild degenerative osteophytes are noted in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1285] no findings. increasing cardiomegaly. no effusions. minimal interstitial edema
[Record ID: OpenI-1286] no findings. increasing cardiomegaly. no effusions. minimal interstitial edema
[Record ID: OpenI-1287] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1288] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1289] no unusual findings. no suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. findings compatible with right apical chronic inflammatory change. no acute airspace process or pleural effusion. stable mediastinal contour. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-1290] no unusual findings. no suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. findings compatible with right apical chronic inflammatory change. no acute airspace process or pleural effusion. stable mediastinal contour. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-1291] negative for cardiac enlargement or vascular congestion. minimal subsegmental atelectasis at the left base otherwise negative for focal confluent airspace disease. the visualized bony structures are intact. there are minimal degenerative disc changes of the midlower thoracic spine. no pneumothorax. negative for acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1292] negative for cardiac enlargement or vascular congestion. minimal subsegmental atelectasis at the left base otherwise negative for focal confluent airspace disease. the visualized bony structures are intact. there are minimal degenerative disc changes of the midlower thoracic spine. no pneumothorax. negative for acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1293] low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits for technique, no typical mediastinal widening of vascular injury. no pleural line of pneumothorax. limited quality exam shows no definite acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1294] low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits for technique, no typical mediastinal widening of vascular injury. no pleural line of pneumothorax. limited quality exam shows no definite acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1295] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1296] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1297] normal heart size. clear, hyperaerated lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. substernal density may be related to a pectus deformity. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1298] normal heart size. clear, hyperaerated lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. substernal density may be related to a pectus deformity. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1299] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1300] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1301] there is hyperexpansion, hyperlucency of both lungs, as well as flattening of the diaphragm consistent with chronic emphysematous lung disease. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion identified blunting of costophrenic recesses bilaterally may represent small effusions or pleural thickeningscar. stable calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph and a left basilar calcified granuloma. acute osseous abnormality. the mediastinal silhouette stable. changes of chronic emphysematous lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1302] there is hyperexpansion, hyperlucency of both lungs, as well as flattening of the diaphragm consistent with chronic emphysematous lung disease. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion identified blunting of costophrenic recesses bilaterally may represent small effusions or pleural thickeningscar. stable calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph and a left basilar calcified granuloma. acute osseous abnormality. the mediastinal silhouette stable. changes of chronic emphysematous lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1303] the heart is large. in the interval, pulmonary venous engorgement has developed. also, bibasilar interstitial infiltrates are present. developing heart failure with pulmonary venous engorgement and bibasilar pulmonary interstitial edema
[Record ID: OpenI-1304] the heart is large. in the interval, pulmonary venous engorgement has developed. also, bibasilar interstitial infiltrates are present. developing heart failure with pulmonary venous engorgement and bibasilar pulmonary interstitial edema
[Record ID: OpenI-1305] clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal heart. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without acute bony abnormality. prominent right epicardial fat. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1306] clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal heart. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without acute bony abnormality. prominent right epicardial fat. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1307] normal heart size. clear lungs. degenerative this disease within the spine. prosthetic right shoulder. possible body in the axillary recess of the left shoulder. degenerative left glenohumeral osteoarthritis. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1308] normal heart size. clear lungs. degenerative this disease within the spine. prosthetic right shoulder. possible body in the axillary recess of the left shoulder. degenerative left glenohumeral osteoarthritis. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1309] heart size is enlarged. cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged since previous exam. there is blunting of the right costophrenic old pleural scar. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. a left upper lobe granuloma appears unchanged. there is kyphosis of the thoracic spine with anterior osteophyte formations. aortic ectasia is seen in the ascending aorta and the. cardiomegaly without failure ectatic aorta
[Record ID: OpenI-1310] heart size is enlarged. cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged since previous exam. there is blunting of the right costophrenic old pleural scar. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. a left upper lobe granuloma appears unchanged. there is kyphosis of the thoracic spine with anterior osteophyte formations. aortic ectasia is seen in the ascending aorta and the. cardiomegaly without failure ectatic aorta
[Record ID: OpenI-1311] heart size within normal limits. right paratracheal prominence represents tortuous. lung volumes. mild streaky bibasilar opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis. low lung volumes with minimal streaky basilar airspace disease, atelectasis. right paratracheal prominence represents tortuous. comparison with prior imaging studies could confirm this if available
[Record ID: OpenI-1312] heart size within normal limits. right paratracheal prominence represents tortuous. lung volumes. mild streaky bibasilar opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis. low lung volumes with minimal streaky basilar airspace disease, atelectasis. right paratracheal prominence represents tortuous. comparison with prior imaging studies could confirm this if available
[Record ID: OpenI-1313] scoliosis and focal eventration of the posterior left hemidiaphragm. no focal alveolar consolidation. rotated position, considering technical factors heart size within normal limits. no definite pleural effusion seen, left bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. exaggerated kyphosis with increased ap dimension of the thorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1314] scoliosis and focal eventration of the posterior left hemidiaphragm. no focal alveolar consolidation. rotated position, considering technical factors heart size within normal limits. no definite pleural effusion seen, left bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. exaggerated kyphosis with increased ap dimension of the thorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1315] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. stable calcified granuloma within the right upper lung. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1316] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. stable calcified granuloma within the right upper lung. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1317] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1318] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1319] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1320] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1321] the lungs are without focal air space opacity. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1322] the lungs are without focal air space opacity. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1323] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. hyperexpanded lungs. calcified right upper lobe granuloma, unchanged. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no displaced rib fractures. hyperexpansion without acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1324] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. hyperexpanded lungs. calcified right upper lobe granuloma, unchanged. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no displaced rib fractures. hyperexpansion without acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1325] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1326] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1327] the lung volumes are low. however as compared to the prior study, there are increased perihilar opacities bilaterally. stable dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine with limited evaluation of the spinal. the tracheostomy tube is in unchanged position. low lung volumes with slightly increased perihilar opacities bilaterally, infectious etiology
[Record ID: OpenI-1328] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1329] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1330] there is a right ij central venous catheter with tip overlying the inferior svc. cardiac silhouette is normal size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. there is a small right pleural effusion. otherwise, lungs are without focal airspace disease. right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-1331] there is a right ij central venous catheter with tip overlying the inferior svc. cardiac silhouette is normal size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. there is a small right pleural effusion. otherwise, lungs are without focal airspace disease. right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-1332] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no pneumonia or effusion. no nodules or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-1333] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no pneumonia or effusion. no nodules or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-1334] mild cardiomegaly unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous aorta. normal pulmonary vascularity. unchanged elevated right hemidiaphragm with minimal right base subsegmental atelectasis. minimal left basal airspace opacity. unchanged blunting of the right lateral costophrenic, scarring versus effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute osseous findings. minimal left base atelectasisinfiltrate. otherwise, stable exam
[Record ID: OpenI-1335] the trachea is midline. the heart size is normal. opacities are seen in the left lower lobe and left costodiaphragmatic, which could represent scarring or atelectasis. there is no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1336] the trachea is midline. the heart size is normal. opacities are seen in the left lower lobe and left costodiaphragmatic, which could represent scarring or atelectasis. there is no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1337] there has been interval sternotomy with mitral valve surgery. there is a small amount of scarring in the left midlung. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. there is continued cardiomegaly with especially enlarged left atrium. scarring in the left midlung. cardiomegaly with especially enlarged left atrium with postoperative changes of mitral valve surgery
[Record ID: OpenI-1338] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes with no significant airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. limited low lung volume exam. otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1339] lung volumes are low. no infiltrates in the lungs. no pleural air collections. sternotomy sutures and bypass graft markers are present. heart size normal. postoperative chest. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1340] lung volumes are low. no infiltrates in the lungs. no pleural air collections. sternotomy sutures and bypass graft markers are present. heart size normal. postoperative chest. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1341] no findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no infiltrates or atelectasis. gallbladder clips
[Record ID: OpenI-1342] no findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no infiltrates or atelectasis. gallbladder clips
[Record ID: OpenI-1343] heart size and mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear except for residuals of prior granulomatous infection. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1344] heart size and mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear except for residuals of prior granulomatous infection. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1345] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1346] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1347] lungs appear clear. heart and pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1348] lungs appear clear. heart and pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1349] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1350] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1351] calcified granulomas. calcified hilar. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. question large pulmonary arteries. lung are hyperexpanded. prominent substernal air space. aortic calcifications. degenerative changes thoracic spine. hyperexpanded lung compatible with copd. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1352] calcified granulomas. calcified hilar. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. question large pulmonary arteries. lung are hyperexpanded. prominent substernal air space. aortic calcifications. degenerative changes thoracic spine. hyperexpanded lung compatible with copd. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1353] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal airspace opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are scoliotic changes of the thoracolumbar spine. there degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1354] radiographic attenuation obscures detail. grossly, the lungs are clear and expanded. heart is large. pulmonary are normal. stable cardiomegaly without gross evidence for failure or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1355] radiographic attenuation obscures detail. grossly, the lungs are clear and expanded. heart is large. pulmonary are normal. stable cardiomegaly without gross evidence for failure or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1356] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. note of placement of a retention in the lower cervical spine. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1357] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. note of placement of a retention in the lower cervical spine. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1358] apical lordotic frontal view. heart size within normal limits, mild aortic ectasiatortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. chronic appearing contour irregularity of the distal left clavicle and widening may be posttraumatic or postsurgical, verterbroplasty noted at the thoracolumbar junction. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1359] apical lordotic frontal view. heart size within normal limits, mild aortic ectasiatortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. chronic appearing contour irregularity of the distal left clavicle and widening may be posttraumatic or postsurgical, verterbroplasty noted at the thoracolumbar junction. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1360] there is a duallumen right internal jugular central venous catheter, the distal tip projects over the right atrium. there is no apparent pneumothorax. there is no focal lung opacity or pleural effusion. there is stable right upper lung lucency. the cardiopulmonary mediastinal silhouettes are stable. the visualized osseous structures appear within normal limits. distal tip of the duallumen right internal jugular central venous catheter projects over the right atrium. no apparent pneumothorax. stable right upper lung lucency. ct chest may be helpful to further characterize
[Record ID: OpenI-1361] there is a duallumen right internal jugular central venous catheter, the distal tip projects over the right atrium. there is no apparent pneumothorax. there is no focal lung opacity or pleural effusion. there is stable right upper lung lucency. the cardiopulmonary mediastinal silhouettes are stable. the visualized osseous structures appear within normal limits. distal tip of the duallumen right internal jugular central venous catheter projects over the right atrium. no apparent pneumothorax. stable right upper lung lucency. ct chest may be helpful to further characterize
[Record ID: OpenI-1362] no findings. exam quality limited by very low lung volumes on the frontal view and rotation. cardiomediastinal silhouette accentuated by technical factors, heart size mildly enlarged. marked bronchovascular crowding, indistinct vascular margination may be secondary to crowding, mild pulmonary edema, interstitial infiltrates difficult to exclude. no definite pleural effusion seen. osseous demineralization and exaggerated kyphosis, vp shunt tubing noted
[Record ID: OpenI-1363] no findings. exam quality limited by very low lung volumes on the frontal view and rotation. cardiomediastinal silhouette accentuated by technical factors, heart size mildly enlarged. marked bronchovascular crowding, indistinct vascular margination may be secondary to crowding, mild pulmonary edema, interstitial infiltrates difficult to exclude. no definite pleural effusion seen. osseous demineralization and exaggerated kyphosis, vp shunt tubing noted
[Record ID: OpenI-1364] normal cardiomediastinal contours. low lung volumes with minimal left basilar opacities. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. minimal left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate. low lung volumes
[Record ID: OpenI-1365] normal cardiomediastinal contours. low lung volumes with minimal left basilar opacities. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. minimal left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate. low lung volumes
[Record ID: OpenI-1366] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is no obvious lytic or destructive lesion. no displaced rib fracture is evident. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1367] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is no obvious lytic or destructive lesion. no displaced rib fracture is evident. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1368] no unusual findings. rib films. no fractures or dislocations. chest. heart size normal. lungs are clear. no effusion or pneumothorax. minimal degenerative disease thoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-1369] the heart size is within normal limits. trachea is midline. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal contours are normal. there is focal consolidation in the posterior segment of the right lower lobe. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities. right lower lobe pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1370] the heart size is within normal limits. trachea is midline. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal contours are normal. there is focal consolidation in the posterior segment of the right lower lobe. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities. right lower lobe pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1371] the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart is normal. calcified right hilar and infracarinal lymph are seen. the skeletal structures are normal. old granulomatous disease. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1372] the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart is normal. calcified right hilar and infracarinal lymph are seen. the skeletal structures are normal. old granulomatous disease. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1373] lung volumes are low. in the interval, a patchy infiltrate has developed in the right lower lobe. heart and pulmonary are normal. patchy right lower lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1374] lung volumes are low. in the interval, a patchy infiltrate has developed in the right lower lobe. heart and pulmonary are normal. patchy right lower lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1375] normal cardiac contours. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. clear lung bilaterally. no intervertebral disc narrowing or loss of vertebral body. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1376] normal cardiac contours. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. clear lung bilaterally. no intervertebral disc narrowing or loss of vertebral body. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1377] no findings. mild left costophrenic blunting basilar pleural effusion, increased left suprahilar opacity, differential diagnosis includes increased volume loss, apical pleural fluid, tumor progression. left hemithorax volume loss with leftward shift of the heart and mediastinum. right costophrenic, right lung free of focal consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-1378] no findings. mild left costophrenic blunting basilar pleural effusion, increased left suprahilar opacity, differential diagnosis includes increased volume loss, apical pleural fluid, tumor progression. left hemithorax volume loss with leftward shift of the heart and mediastinum. right costophrenic, right lung free of focal consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-1379] 2 images. heart size is enlarged, stable. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. there is dense consolidation within the retrocardiac left lower lobe. there is also patchy airspace opacity within the perihilar right lung. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. left lower lobe and right perihilar airspace disease. in the appropriate clinical setting, this is compatible with infectionpneumonia and followup radiography is recommended following treatment to document resolution. if clinical findings are discordant, a is recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-1380] 2 images. heart size is enlarged, stable. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. there is dense consolidation within the retrocardiac left lower lobe. there is also patchy airspace opacity within the perihilar right lung. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. left lower lobe and right perihilar airspace disease. in the appropriate clinical setting, this is compatible with infectionpneumonia and followup radiography is recommended following treatment to document resolution. if clinical findings are discordant, a is recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-1381] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. elevated right hemidiaphragm. atelectasis in the right lung base. no focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. atelectasis in the right lung base. elevated right hemidiaphragm. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1382] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. elevated right hemidiaphragm. atelectasis in the right lung base. no focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. atelectasis in the right lung base. elevated right hemidiaphragm. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1383] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. contrast is seen within the bilateral kidneys, from prior examination. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1384] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. contrast is seen within the bilateral kidneys, from prior examination. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1385] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. no evidence for heart failure
[Record ID: OpenI-1386] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. no evidence for heart failure
[Record ID: OpenI-1387] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1388] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. streaky bibasilar opacities, atelectasis. vague opacity in the right midlung. scattered calcified granulomas. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. vague opacity in the right midlung, this could reflect a small focus of atelectasis or infiltrate. bibasilar airspace opacities, atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1389] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. streaky bibasilar opacities, atelectasis. vague opacity in the right midlung. scattered calcified granulomas. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. vague opacity in the right midlung, this could reflect a small focus of atelectasis or infiltrate. bibasilar airspace opacities, atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1390] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. central venous catheter is again noted. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. the left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. elevated left hemidiaphragm. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1391] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. central venous catheter is again noted. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. the left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. elevated left hemidiaphragm. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1392] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1393] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1394] within the posterior lateral 8th rib there is a deformity along the cortex with associated oblique lucency. in addition within the posterior lateral 9th rib there appears to be a obliquely oriented lucency with cortical disruption. findings are concerning for possible left rib fractures. otherwise the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear bilaterally. multiple small punctate radiopaque foreign bodies are seen within the subcutaneous tissues and are present on previous ct scan from. possible lower posterior lateral left rib fractures as described above. if further concern for rib fractures dedicated rib films would better evaluate. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1395] within the posterior lateral 8th rib there is a deformity along the cortex with associated oblique lucency. in addition within the posterior lateral 9th rib there appears to be a obliquely oriented lucency with cortical disruption. findings are concerning for possible left rib fractures. otherwise the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear bilaterally. multiple small punctate radiopaque foreign bodies are seen within the subcutaneous tissues and are present on previous ct scan from. possible lower posterior lateral left rib fractures as described above. if further concern for rib fractures dedicated rib films would better evaluate. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1396] no unusual findings. comparison,. scoliosis as before. clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1397] no unusual findings. comparison,. scoliosis as before. clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1398] no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. nodular density projected over the left base with no lateral view correlate secondary to soft tissue overlay. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. no acute osseous injury demonstrated. no acute findings. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically indicated
[Record ID: OpenI-1399] no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. nodular density projected over the left base with no lateral view correlate secondary to soft tissue overlay. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. no acute osseous injury demonstrated. no acute findings. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically indicated
[Record ID: OpenI-1400] there is a airspace opacity in the left upper lung. heart size within normal limits. mild calcification of the aortic. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. airspace opacity in the left upper lung which may represent streaky atelectasis or resolving pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1401] there is a airspace opacity in the left upper lung. heart size within normal limits. mild calcification of the aortic. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. airspace opacity in the left upper lung which may represent streaky atelectasis or resolving pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1402] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1403] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1404] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. atherosclerosis of the aortic. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. tspine osteophytes. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1405] cardiac silhouette is normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1406] cardiac silhouette is normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1407] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1408] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1409] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1410] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1411] calcified granulomas noted. symmetric apical scarring. the diaphragms are flattened, and the chest is somewhat shaped. the cardiothymic silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. no acute bony abnormality. radiographic findings suggestive of emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-1412] calcified granulomas noted. symmetric apical scarring. the diaphragms are flattened, and the chest is somewhat shaped. the cardiothymic silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. no acute bony abnormality. radiographic findings suggestive of emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-1413] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate healed, remote bilateral rib fractures without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1414] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate healed, remote bilateral rib fractures without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1415] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes within the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1416] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1417] there is minimal scarring in the lung apices. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there is dextrocurvature within the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1418] there is minimal scarring in the lung apices. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there is dextrocurvature within the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1419] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1420] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1421] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. grossly unchanged appearance of calcified hilar lymph and scattered calcified granulomas. stable degenerative changes in the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1422] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. grossly unchanged appearance of calcified hilar lymph and scattered calcified granulomas. stable degenerative changes in the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1423] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1424] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1425] cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal in size and contour. right lung is clear. stable blunting of costophrenic with improved aeration of the left base compared to prior exam. no visualized pneumothorax or focal consolidation. unremarkable. stable blunting of the left costophrenic which may represent persistent left pleural effusion versus pleural scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-1426] cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal in size and contour. right lung is clear. stable blunting of costophrenic with improved aeration of the left base compared to prior exam. no visualized pneumothorax or focal consolidation. unremarkable. stable blunting of the left costophrenic which may represent persistent left pleural effusion versus pleural scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-1427] there is mild blunting of the costophrenic. there is right basilar airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax. the cardiac mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary are slightly prominent. calcified hilar lymph. no acute bony abnormalities. right basilar infiltrate or atelectasis, and bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-1428] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1429] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1430] the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. aorta is calcified and tortuous, compatible with atherosclerotic disease. since the prior study, there is been interval development of left lower lobe airspace disease. the right lung is clear. interval development of left lower lobe airspace disease. this may be due to atelectasis or infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-1431] the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. aorta is calcified and tortuous, compatible with atherosclerotic disease. since the prior study, there is been interval development of left lower lobe airspace disease. the right lung is clear. interval development of left lower lobe airspace disease. this may be due to atelectasis or infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-1432] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours, mediastinal clips, left base pleuralparenchymal irregularity compatible with scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. chronic appearing left rib contour irregularities may be posttraumatic or postsurgical. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1433] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours, mediastinal clips, left base pleuralparenchymal irregularity compatible with scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. chronic appearing left rib contour irregularities may be posttraumatic or postsurgical. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1434] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. surgical clips are seen the right upper quadrant. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1435] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. surgical clips are seen the right upper quadrant. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1436] diffuse right lower lobe airspace opacity is present. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. probable right lower lobe pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1437] diffuse right lower lobe airspace opacity is present. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. probable right lower lobe pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1438] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1439] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1440] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. note is of calcifications in the aortic. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. there is calcification of the chondral portions of the ribs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no displaced rib fractures are seen
[Record ID: OpenI-1441] no findings. heart size normal. dilated tortuous calcified aortic. tracheostomy tube tip 4 cm above the carina. multiple scattered small nodules throughout the lungs most represents calcified granulomas. no nodules or masses. degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine. review of ct demonstrates calcified granulomas scattered throughout the lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-1442] no findings. heart size normal. dilated tortuous calcified aortic. tracheostomy tube tip 4 cm above the carina. multiple scattered small nodules throughout the lungs most represents calcified granulomas. no nodules or masses. degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine. review of ct demonstrates calcified granulomas scattered throughout the lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-1443] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. slight thoracolumbar curvature is noted. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1444] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. slight thoracolumbar curvature is noted. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1445] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but grossly clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1446] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. no pleural effusion is seen. no pneumothorax is identified. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. degenerative changes are present in the spine. right a has been inserted since the previous study. the tip projects over the lower superior. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1447] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. no pleural effusion is seen. no pneumothorax is identified. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. degenerative changes are present in the spine. right a has been inserted since the previous study. the tip projects over the lower superior. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1448] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. minimal blunting of the costophrenic. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1449] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. minimal blunting of the costophrenic. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1450] no findings. heart size upper limits of normal. grossly clear lungs with no effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. tips stent incidentally noted
[Record ID: OpenI-1451] no findings. heart size upper limits of normal. grossly clear lungs with no effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. tips stent incidentally noted
[Record ID: OpenI-1452] the heart is normal in size. the cardiomediastinal contours are stable. there are stable bilateral pleural effusions with partial rightsided loculation. biapical scarring and pleural thickening appears stable. there is again rightsided superior hilar retraction and mild rightward deviation. no acute infiltrate is appreciated. stable bilateral pleural effusions and pleural thickening, right worse than left, with mild rightsided loculation. stable appearance of right apical thickeningatelectasis with volume loss, possibly related to prior radiation or surgery. suggest clinical correlation
[Record ID: OpenI-1453] the heart is normal in size. the cardiomediastinal contours are stable. there are stable bilateral pleural effusions with partial rightsided loculation. biapical scarring and pleural thickening appears stable. there is again rightsided superior hilar retraction and mild rightward deviation. no acute infiltrate is appreciated. stable bilateral pleural effusions and pleural thickening, right worse than left, with mild rightsided loculation. stable appearance of right apical thickeningatelectasis with volume loss, possibly related to prior radiation or surgery. suggest clinical correlation
[Record ID: OpenI-1454] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1455] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1456] stable mild cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures intact. right humeral head bone anchor. stable mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1457] stable mild cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures intact. right humeral head bone anchor. stable mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1458] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-1459] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-1460] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is a slight deformity of the lower thoracic body which is ageindeterminate. ageindeterminate lower thoracic slight deformity otherwise negative exam
[Record ID: OpenI-1461] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is a slight deformity of the lower thoracic body which is ageindeterminate. ageindeterminate lower thoracic slight deformity otherwise negative exam
[Record ID: OpenI-1462] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1463] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1464] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1465] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1466] no findings. heart size upper limits normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no edema, focal airspace consolidation, or pneumothorax. pleural effusion versus minimal pleural thickening bilaterally
[Record ID: OpenI-1467] no findings. heart size upper limits normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no edema, focal airspace consolidation, or pneumothorax. pleural effusion versus minimal pleural thickening bilaterally
[Record ID: OpenI-1468] normal cardiac contour. right sided pleural effusion. clear left lung. no pneumothorax. right sided pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-1469] normal cardiac contour. right sided pleural effusion. clear left lung. no pneumothorax. right sided pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-1470] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. findings compatible with prior granulomatous disease. the visualized are intact without acute osseous abnormality. chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1471] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. findings compatible with prior granulomatous disease. the visualized are intact without acute osseous abnormality. chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1472] lungs are overall hyperexpanded consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses are noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal. hyperexpanded but clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-1473] lungs are overall hyperexpanded consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses are noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal. hyperexpanded but clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-1474] lungs are overall hyperexpanded consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses are noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal. hyperexpanded but clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-1475] lungs are clear. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1476] lungs are clear. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1477] calcified thoracic aorta. mild rightward deviation of the trachea, unchanged from comparison, secondary to a goiter. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. advanced degenerative change of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1478] calcified thoracic aorta. mild rightward deviation of the trachea, unchanged from comparison, secondary to a goiter. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. advanced degenerative change of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1479] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. right chest tip is visualized in the distal svc. there is no pneumothorax. the right cardiac margin is partially obscured and may be secondary to overlying cardiophrenic fat. the lungs are otherwise clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1480] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is patchy airspace disease in the right lower lobe. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. patchy, right lower lobe airspace disease. this represents pneumonia. recommend followup radiographs to ensure resolution
[Record ID: OpenI-1481] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is patchy airspace disease in the right lower lobe. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. patchy, right lower lobe airspace disease. this represents pneumonia. recommend followup radiographs to ensure resolution
[Record ID: OpenI-1482] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild blunting of right costophrenic. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1483] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild blunting of right costophrenic. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1484] normal heart size. mild tortuosity of the aorta. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious airspace opacity. mild levoscoliosis of the lumbar spine. no acute abnormality seen
[Record ID: OpenI-1485] normal heart size. mild tortuosity of the aorta. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious airspace opacity. mild levoscoliosis of the lumbar spine. no acute abnormality seen
[Record ID: OpenI-1486] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1487] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1488] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1489] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1490] no focal lung opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-1491] no focal lung opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-1492] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1493] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1494] mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1495] mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1496] there has been interval removal of rightsided central venous catheter. enteric tube is again noted, coursing below the diaphragm the tip of which is seen projecting over the expected location of the body of the stomach. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal, unchanged from prior. low lung volumes, causing streaky bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. low lung volumes with subsequent bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1497] there has been interval removal of rightsided central venous catheter. enteric tube is again noted, coursing below the diaphragm the tip of which is seen projecting over the expected location of the body of the stomach. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal, unchanged from prior. low lung volumes, causing streaky bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. low lung volumes with subsequent bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1498] the heart size is within normal limits. mild streaky opacities are present in the left lung base. an accessory azygos fissure is noted. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild streaky left basilar airspace disease, atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1499] the heart size is within normal limits. mild streaky opacities are present in the left lung base. an accessory azygos fissure is noted. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild streaky left basilar airspace disease, atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1500] the heart is mildly enlarged. the lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. there is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis andor possible infiltrate. increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior ct. the study is limited secondary to moderate motion. underlying emphysematous changes are identified. hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. followup evaluation is suggested in 2 to 4 weeks. impression exam chest 2v frontallateral date, pm comparison ct chest history shortness of breath findings the heart is mildly enlarged. the lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. there is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis andor possible infiltrate. increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior ct. the study is limited secondary to moderate motion. underlying emphysematous changes are identified. impression hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. followup evaluation is suggested in 2 to 4 weeks
[Record ID: OpenI-1501] the heart is mildly enlarged. the lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. there is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis andor possible infiltrate. increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior ct. the study is limited secondary to moderate motion. underlying emphysematous changes are identified. hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. followup evaluation is suggested in 2 to 4 weeks. impression exam chest 2v frontallateral date, pm comparison ct chest history shortness of breath findings the heart is mildly enlarged. the lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. there is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis andor possible infiltrate. increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior ct. the study is limited secondary to moderate motion. underlying emphysematous changes are identified. impression hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. followup evaluation is suggested in 2 to 4 weeks
[Record ID: OpenI-1502] no findings. no comparison chest. minimal lingular scarring. overall, wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1503] no findings. no comparison chest. minimal lingular scarring. overall, wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1504] the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are calcified mediastinal lymph, with a calcified right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. the lungs are wellinflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. there are degenerative changes of the first costochondral joints bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities are seen. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest. evidence of prior granulomatous disease and degenerative changes of the costochondral junctions
[Record ID: OpenI-1505] the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are calcified mediastinal lymph, with a calcified right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. the lungs are wellinflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. there are degenerative changes of the first costochondral joints bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities are seen. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest. evidence of prior granulomatous disease and degenerative changes of the costochondral junctions
[Record ID: OpenI-1506] clear lungs bilaterally. normal cardiac contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1507] clear lungs bilaterally. normal cardiac contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1508] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1509] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1510] the heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is a hiatal hernia with soft tissue projecting behind the mediastinum. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. hiatal hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-1511] the heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is a hiatal hernia with soft tissue projecting behind the mediastinum. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. hiatal hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-1512] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appears normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. callus or granulomas identified. left a remains in. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1513] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appears normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. callus or granulomas identified. left a remains in. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1514] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1515] minimally increased airspace opacities bilaterally, most prominent in the lung bases. heart size is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. minimally increased air space opacities bilaterally, most prominent in the lung bases. findings are nonspecific, but may represent subsegmental atelectasis versus mild interstitial edema or an atypical infectious process
[Record ID: OpenI-1516] minimally increased airspace opacities bilaterally, most prominent in the lung bases. heart size is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. minimally increased air space opacities bilaterally, most prominent in the lung bases. findings are nonspecific, but may represent subsegmental atelectasis versus mild interstitial edema or an atypical infectious process
[Record ID: OpenI-1517] frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1518] frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1519] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1520] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1521] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1522] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1523] stable appearance of the right aortic. normal heart size. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity. stable exam with known right aortic
[Record ID: OpenI-1524] stable appearance of the right aortic. normal heart size. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity. stable exam with known right aortic
[Record ID: OpenI-1525] heart size within normal limits. prominent interstitial and nodular opacities are increased since comparison exam. there is a 1 cm nodular opacity in the right costophrenic, increased since comparison examination. a cystic lesion in the right upper lobe appears similar to prior examination. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. findings of cystic fibrosis with increased interstitial and nodular opacities, representing acute exacerbation on chronic changes of cystic fibrosis
[Record ID: OpenI-1526] heart size within normal limits. prominent interstitial and nodular opacities are increased since comparison exam. there is a 1 cm nodular opacity in the right costophrenic, increased since comparison examination. a cystic lesion in the right upper lobe appears similar to prior examination. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. findings of cystic fibrosis with increased interstitial and nodular opacities, representing acute exacerbation on chronic changes of cystic fibrosis
[Record ID: OpenI-1527] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1528] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1529] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1530] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1531] mild hyperinflation. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact. mildly hyperexpanded lungs without acute focal infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-1532] mild hyperinflation. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact. mildly hyperexpanded lungs without acute focal infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-1533] no findings. prior sternotomy. midline sternotomy. normal heart size. vascular congestion. no overt edema or lobar pneumonia. no pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-1534] no findings. prior sternotomy. midline sternotomy. normal heart size. vascular congestion. no overt edema or lobar pneumonia. no pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-1535] heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1536] heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1537] mild cardiomegaly, stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1538] mild cardiomegaly, stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1539] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-1540] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-1541] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1542] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1543] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine is present. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1544] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine is present. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1545] no findings. stable appearing chest. no acute airspace disease or effusions. stable mediastinal contour. small conspicuous for size nodular density projecting in region of left costophrenic a calcified granuloma, was visible on chest from. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-1546] no findings. stable appearing chest. no acute airspace disease or effusions. stable mediastinal contour. small conspicuous for size nodular density projecting in region of left costophrenic a calcified granuloma, was visible on chest from. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-1547] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified mediastinal lymph. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1548] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified mediastinal lymph. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1549] the cardiac silhouette pulmonary vascularity are normal. the lungs are clear. there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1550] the cardiac silhouette pulmonary vascularity are normal. the lungs are clear. there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1551] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. in the left midlung zone there is identified a 5 cm nodule. this appears somewhat dense and may contain calcium although this cannot be stated with certainty. 5 cm nodule in the left midlung zone. may contain calcium although this cannot be stated with certainty. comparison to old films, if available would be useful to determine chronicity and stability. if old films are not available, scan could be to evaluate for the presence of calcium
[Record ID: OpenI-1552] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. in the left midlung zone there is identified a 5 cm nodule. this appears somewhat dense and may contain calcium although this cannot be stated with certainty. 5 cm nodule in the left midlung zone. may contain calcium although this cannot be stated with certainty. comparison to old films, if available would be useful to determine chronicity and stability. if old films are not available, scan could be to evaluate for the presence of calcium
[Record ID: OpenI-1553] no findings. slightly prominent basilar interstitial markings may be related to stigmata of chronic liver disease. no acute airspace consolidation or effusions. mediastinal contour within normal limits for patients age. no suspicious appearing lung nodules are identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1554] no findings. slightly prominent basilar interstitial markings may be related to stigmata of chronic liver disease. no acute airspace consolidation or effusions. mediastinal contour within normal limits for patients age. no suspicious appearing lung nodules are identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1555] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1556] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1557] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are residuals of prior granulomatous infection. lungs otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1558] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are residuals of prior granulomatous infection. lungs otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1559] the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine. no focal airspace consolidation. mildly hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-1560] the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine. no focal airspace consolidation. mildly hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-1561] minimal opacities at the posterior sulci. a few septal lines of the left lateral sulcus. otherwise, the lungs are clear with granulomas and sulci. heart size upper normal thin lv contour.unfolded calcified aorta. tspine small osteophytes. no pneumothorax. similar appearance
[Record ID: OpenI-1562] minimal opacities at the posterior sulci. a few septal lines of the left lateral sulcus. otherwise, the lungs are clear with granulomas and sulci. heart size upper normal thin lv contour.unfolded calcified aorta. tspine small osteophytes. no pneumothorax. similar appearance
[Record ID: OpenI-1563] no findings. the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size and configuration. this is essentially unchanged. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear to be unremarkable. a few calcified granulomata are noted. no focal infiltrates are seen. no obvious mediastinal lymphadenopathy is appreciated. osseous structures appear to be unremarkable
[Record ID: OpenI-1564] no findings. the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size and configuration. this is essentially unchanged. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear to be unremarkable. a few calcified granulomata are noted. no focal infiltrates are seen. no obvious mediastinal lymphadenopathy is appreciated. osseous structures appear to be unremarkable
[Record ID: OpenI-1565] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1566] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1567] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1568] normal heart size. no focal air space consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1569] normal heart size. no focal air space consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1570] normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1571] normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1572] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1573] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1574] the lungs are clear. there appear to be small bilateral pleural effusions. the heart is not grossly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. increased kyphosis is seen in the may be a thoracic deformity that is not wellcharacterized. arthritic changes are seen. probable small bilateral pleural effusions. possible lower thoracic deformity not well characterized on todays study
[Record ID: OpenI-1575] the lungs are clear. there appear to be small bilateral pleural effusions. the heart is not grossly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. increased kyphosis is seen in the may be a thoracic deformity that is not wellcharacterized. arthritic changes are seen. probable small bilateral pleural effusions. possible lower thoracic deformity not well characterized on todays study
[Record ID: OpenI-1576] trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. there is dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1577] trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. there is dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1578] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1579] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1580] the cardio mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. no pneumothorax. no pneumonia. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes mid thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1581] the cardio mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. no pneumothorax. no pneumonia. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes mid thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1582] heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally without effusion or pneumothorax. bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1583] heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally without effusion or pneumothorax. bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1584] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. scoliosis and degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1585] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. scoliosis and degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1586] normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax, pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. no focal lung consolidation. stable mild interstitial prominence and bilateral lung bases. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. stable mild interstitial prominence
[Record ID: OpenI-1587] normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax, pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. no focal lung consolidation. stable mild interstitial prominence and bilateral lung bases. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. stable mild interstitial prominence
[Record ID: OpenI-1588] low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. bandlike opacities are present in the right lung. appearance suggest atelectasis. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. bandlike opacities in the right lung. appearance atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1589] low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. bandlike opacities are present in the right lung. appearance suggest atelectasis. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. bandlike opacities in the right lung. appearance atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1590] there are tspine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are low lung volumes. lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity consistent with subsegmental atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1591] there are tspine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are low lung volumes. lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity consistent with subsegmental atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1592] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are hyperexpanded. scattered granuloma. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1593] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are hyperexpanded. scattered granuloma. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1594] heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. central left midlung granuloma with calcified left hilar adenopathy. bony structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1595] heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. central left midlung granuloma with calcified left hilar adenopathy. bony structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1596] heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1597] heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1598] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1599] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1600] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1601] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1602] the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. the lungs are wellexpanded and clear. there is no focal airspace opacity. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is dextrocurvature of the thoracic spine. there is deformity of the t9 vertebral body. levocurvature of the lumbar spine with significant degenerative change is also noted. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. scoliotic curvature of the spine with deformity of the t9 vertebral body
[Record ID: OpenI-1603] the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. the lungs are wellexpanded and clear. there is no focal airspace opacity. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is dextrocurvature of the thoracic spine. there is deformity of the t9 vertebral body. levocurvature of the lumbar spine with significant degenerative change is also noted. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. scoliotic curvature of the spine with deformity of the t9 vertebral body
[Record ID: OpenI-1604] calcified left hilar lymph from prior granulomatous disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1605] calcified left hilar lymph from prior granulomatous disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1606] no findings. multiple cavitary bilateral pulmonary masses and nodules. these are and increased from prior radiograph of, but were seen chest, with largest in the left base measuring approximately 3 x 1 cm. no pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. heart size is normal
[Record ID: OpenI-1607] no findings. multiple cavitary bilateral pulmonary masses and nodules. these are and increased from prior radiograph of, but were seen chest, with largest in the left base measuring approximately 3 x 1 cm. no pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. heart size is normal
[Record ID: OpenI-1608] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1609] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1610] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs with no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-1611] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs with no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-1612] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. small hiatal hernia. no acute findings. small hiatal hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-1613] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. small hiatal hernia. no acute findings. small hiatal hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-1614] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. left a is in. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. right upper lobe area of dense opacity is seen in the medial right apex. on a previous outside scan, the right upper lobe was consolidated. comparison to the from that exam shows this opacity to have decreased. no films were available, however, for direct comparison. right upper lobe opacity which appears improved as compared to previous scan
[Record ID: OpenI-1615] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. left a is in. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. right upper lobe area of dense opacity is seen in the medial right apex. on a previous outside scan, the right upper lobe was consolidated. comparison to the from that exam shows this opacity to have decreased. no films were available, however, for direct comparison. right upper lobe opacity which appears improved as compared to previous scan
[Record ID: OpenI-1616] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, unchanged. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1617] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, unchanged. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1618] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1619] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1620] the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable from prior exam. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mediastinal surgical clips are again noted. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1621] the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable from prior exam. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mediastinal surgical clips are again noted. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1622] no findings. heart size within normal limits. mild right hemidiaphragm elevation with crowded markings in the right lung base. otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. mediastinal calcifications and dense nodule in the left suprahilar lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-1623] no findings. heart size within normal limits. mild right hemidiaphragm elevation with crowded markings in the right lung base. otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. mediastinal calcifications and dense nodule in the left suprahilar lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-1624] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic. calcified granuloma in the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative disc disease the thoracic spine. coronary artery stent. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1625] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic. calcified granuloma in the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative disc disease the thoracic spine. coronary artery stent. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1626] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1627] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1628] cardiac silhouette is upper limits of normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. there is evidence of healed granulomatous disease in the right hemithorax. lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1629] cardiac silhouette is upper limits of normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. there is evidence of healed granulomatous disease in the right hemithorax. lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1630] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1631] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1632] normal cardiac contour. clear hyperexpanded lungs bilaterally with no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1633] normal cardiac contour. clear hyperexpanded lungs bilaterally with no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1634] the heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally. lateral views obscured by patient body habitus. there is no evidence of apical disease. are unchanged from previous exam and appear normal. thoracic spine shows osteophyte formations at several levels. no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis or sarcoidosis
[Record ID: OpenI-1635] the heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally. lateral views obscured by patient body habitus. there is no evidence of apical disease. are unchanged from previous exam and appear normal. thoracic spine shows osteophyte formations at several levels. no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis or sarcoidosis
[Record ID: OpenI-1636] heart size is normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1637] heart size is normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1638] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. changes of right mastectomy. sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. mild thoracic spine degenerative change. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1639] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. changes of right mastectomy. sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. mild thoracic spine degenerative change. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1640] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no lobar pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1641] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no lobar pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1642] stable, including elongation of the left ventricle and tortuous thoracic aorta. subcarinal calcified lymph. lung volumes. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative for acute abnormality. left ventricular enlargement. tortuous thoracic aorta
[Record ID: OpenI-1643] stable, including elongation of the left ventricle and tortuous thoracic aorta. subcarinal calcified lymph. lung volumes. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative for acute abnormality. left ventricular enlargement. tortuous thoracic aorta
[Record ID: OpenI-1644] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-1645] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-1646] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1647] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1648] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. hyperexpanded lungs. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. mild emphysema. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1649] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. hyperexpanded lungs. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. mild emphysema. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1650] pa and lateral views were obtained. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process. if patients symptoms persist recommend repeat study chest in one
[Record ID: OpenI-1651] low lung volumes with magnified appearance of the heart, normal heart size. negative for consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1652] low lung volumes with magnified appearance of the heart, normal heart size. negative for consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1653] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. left hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1654] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. lungs are clear. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1655] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. lungs are clear. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1656] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. stable small right basilar calcified granuloma. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1657] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1658] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1659] there is a moderate layering right pleural effusion with air fluid level noted. airspace opacity at the superior segment of the right lower lobe. no visualized pneumothorax. the right lateral heart is obscured. the left lung is clear without focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. airspace disease within the superior segment of the right lower lobe with moderate layering right pleural effusion with air fluid level. follow up to resolution or cross sectional imaging of the chest recommended to rule out malignancy
[Record ID: OpenI-1660] heart size normal. lungs clear. normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1661] heart size normal. lungs clear. normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1662] there is persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. there is suggestion of subtle patchy opacities in lower lung bilaterally. this is to be similar to scan. the heart is normal. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. the skeletal structures show scoliosis and arthritic changes. copd and chronic opacities more pronounced in the lower lung
[Record ID: OpenI-1663] there is persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. there is suggestion of subtle patchy opacities in lower lung bilaterally. this is to be similar to scan. the heart is normal. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. the skeletal structures show scoliosis and arthritic changes. copd and chronic opacities more pronounced in the lower lung
[Record ID: OpenI-1664] 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no acute bony changes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1665] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes are seen in the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1666] lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1667] lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1668] sternotomy are in and intact. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. the bilateral costophrenic are excluded from the image on the pa view. lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are intact without acute osseous abnormality. mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1669] sternotomy are in and intact. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. the bilateral costophrenic are excluded from the image on the pa view. lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are intact without acute osseous abnormality. mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1670] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. chronic appearing right mid clavicle injury. visualized bony structures otherwise unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1671] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. chronic appearing right mid clavicle injury. visualized bony structures otherwise unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1672] 2 images. calcified granuloma, right lung base. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1673] 2 images. calcified granuloma, right lung base. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1674] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. lower cervical spine fusion and sternotomy. old healed left mid posterior rib fractures. emphysema. no nodules, masses or adenopathy
[Record ID: OpenI-1675] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no pleural air collections. heart and mediastinum normal. a vague lucency is present in left rib 7 anteriorly. no active disease. no evidence for cardiopulmonary injuries. possibility of left rib 7 anterior nondisplaced fracture as described
[Record ID: OpenI-1676] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no pleural air collections. heart and mediastinum normal. a vague lucency is present in left rib 7 anteriorly. no active disease. no evidence for cardiopulmonary injuries. possibility of left rib 7 anterior nondisplaced fracture as described
[Record ID: OpenI-1677] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1678] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1679] the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1680] the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1681] cardiomediastinal contour stable and within normal limits. changes of prior cabg again noted. normal pulmonary vascularity. streaky bibasilar opacities decreased from previous, possibly subsegmental atelectasis andor scar. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. redemonstrated severe l1 fracture. slight interval increase in loss of t11 and there is mild to moderate anterior loss of t10. degenerative changes of the spine. abdominal aortic stent. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. mild to moderate t10 vertebral body anterior deformity, from. slight interval increase in loss of t11. unchanged severe l1 deformity. if further imaging characterization is needed, recommend mri. findings will be conveyed to the ordering physician the primordial communication
[Record ID: OpenI-1682] cardiomediastinal contour stable and within normal limits. changes of prior cabg again noted. normal pulmonary vascularity. streaky bibasilar opacities decreased from previous, possibly subsegmental atelectasis andor scar. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. redemonstrated severe l1 fracture. slight interval increase in loss of t11 and there is mild to moderate anterior loss of t10. degenerative changes of the spine. abdominal aortic stent. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. mild to moderate t10 vertebral body anterior deformity, from. slight interval increase in loss of t11. unchanged severe l1 deformity. if further imaging characterization is needed, recommend mri. findings will be conveyed to the ordering physician the primordial communication
[Record ID: OpenI-1683] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute, displaced rib fractures. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1684] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute, displaced rib fractures. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1685] heart size is stable. there is focal airspace consolidation in the lateral aspect of the right upper lobe. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. right upper lobe pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1686] heart size is stable. there is focal airspace consolidation in the lateral aspect of the right upper lobe. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. right upper lobe pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1687] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1688] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1689] no findings. worsening bilateral lower lobe opacities which are most due to enlarging bilateral pleural effusions. superimposed lower lobe airspace abnormalities are possible. negative for pneumothorax. normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. left upper extremity picc terminates in the lower svc
[Record ID: OpenI-1690] no findings. worsening bilateral lower lobe opacities which are most due to enlarging bilateral pleural effusions. superimposed lower lobe airspace abnormalities are possible. negative for pneumothorax. normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. left upper extremity picc terminates in the lower svc
[Record ID: OpenI-1691] nasogastric tube tip within the stomach body, stable. low lung volumes. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. stable obscuration of lateral left diaphragm. stable subsegmental bibasilar atelectasis. cardiomegaly without heart failure
[Record ID: OpenI-1692] nasogastric tube tip within the stomach body, stable. low lung volumes. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. stable obscuration of lateral left diaphragm. stable subsegmental bibasilar atelectasis. cardiomegaly without heart failure
[Record ID: OpenI-1693] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1694] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1695] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1696] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1697] lungs are clear. heart and mediastinum appear normal. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1698] lungs are clear. heart and mediastinum appear normal. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1699] well circumscribed 11 mm right upper lobe nodule, unchanged appearance from previous examination 7 years ago. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. the heart size is normal. redemonstrated syndesmophyte. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1700] well circumscribed 11 mm right upper lobe nodule, unchanged appearance from previous examination 7 years ago. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. the heart size is normal. redemonstrated syndesmophyte. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1701] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1702] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1703] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. chronic appearing left greater than right lung base scarring with possible small effusions. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. chronic appearing bibasilar pleural abnormality with possible small effusions. no evidence of pneumonia. tips shunt visualized
[Record ID: OpenI-1704] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1705] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1706] heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes thoracic spine. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1707] heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes thoracic spine. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1708] there is a 1 cm nodule within one of the lung bases, seen only on the lateral view. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node and right granuloma. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. 1 cm nodule within the lung base, seen only on the lateral view. consider imaging correlation with abdomen study, if available
[Record ID: OpenI-1709] there is a 1 cm nodule within one of the lung bases, seen only on the lateral view. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node and right granuloma. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. 1 cm nodule within the lung base, seen only on the lateral view. consider imaging correlation with abdomen study, if available
[Record ID: OpenI-1710] heart size within normal limits. tortuous aorta. there is an accessory azygos fissure in the right upper lung. no focal air space consolidations are noted. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is severe degenerative change at the thoracolumbar junction with mild anterior wedging at approximately t12. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1711] heart size within normal limits. tortuous aorta. there is an accessory azygos fissure in the right upper lung. no focal air space consolidations are noted. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is severe degenerative change at the thoracolumbar junction with mild anterior wedging at approximately t12. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1712] there is a left chest with tip in the mid svc. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1713] there is a left chest with tip in the mid svc. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1714] heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. low lung volumes, however lungs are grossly clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures grossly intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1715] heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. low lung volumes, however lungs are grossly clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures grossly intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1716] hyperexpanded lungs. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. multiple surgical clips overlie the midabdomen. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1717] hyperexpanded lungs. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. multiple surgical clips overlie the midabdomen. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1718] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. small bilateral pleural effusions are seen. small bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-1719] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. small bilateral pleural effusions are seen. small bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-1720] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1721] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1722] no findings. heart normal. lungs clear. calcified left lower lobe 5 mm granuloma
[Record ID: OpenI-1723] no findings. heart normal. lungs clear. calcified left lower lobe 5 mm granuloma
[Record ID: OpenI-1724] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1725] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1726] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1727] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1728] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1729] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1730] chest. right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. consolidation and atelectasis are present in the right lung base. left lung is clear. no pleural air collections. shoulder and clavicle. fractures present in the right scapula the base of the glenoid process. it is attached to the coracoid process and a portion of the spine. the humeral head is located within the glenoid articular surface. cutaneous air is present. fracture is present in the posterior portion of the right 3rd rib. the acromioclavicular joint and coracoclavicular joints are widened. chest. continued right hemidiaphragm elevation with right lower lobe airspace disease. right shoulder. scapular fracture. clavicle. acromioclavicular separation
[Record ID: OpenI-1731] chest. right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. consolidation and atelectasis are present in the right lung base. left lung is clear. no pleural air collections. shoulder and clavicle. fractures present in the right scapula the base of the glenoid process. it is attached to the coracoid process and a portion of the spine. the humeral head is located within the glenoid articular surface. cutaneous air is present. fracture is present in the posterior portion of the right 3rd rib. the acromioclavicular joint and coracoclavicular joints are widened. chest. continued right hemidiaphragm elevation with right lower lobe airspace disease. right shoulder. scapular fracture. clavicle. acromioclavicular separation
[Record ID: OpenI-1732] the heart size is upper limits of normal. mediastinal contour appears normal and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. otherwise, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. borderline heart size. otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1733] the heart size is upper limits of normal. mediastinal contour appears normal and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. otherwise, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. borderline heart size. otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1734] artifact in the region of the central upper abdomen. no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact. limited exam secondary to artifact within the upper abdomen this does not represent free intraabdominal. recommend repeat chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1735] artifact in the region of the central upper abdomen. no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact. limited exam secondary to artifact within the upper abdomen this does not represent free intraabdominal. recommend repeat chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1736] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1737] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1738] stable cardiomegaly with vascular prominence without overt edema. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. stable cardiomegaly without overt pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-1739] there is abnormal separation of the right. this is ageindeterminate. corticated bony density over the lateral aspect of the clavicle may reflect sequela of old remote. the cardia mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are normal. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no pulmonary edema. there is minimal endplate degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine. partial obscuration retrosternal space due to overlying. there is abnormal separation of right, question very acute versus chronic injury. correlate for focal pain. if indicated consider dedicated right shoulder films. no acute cortical artery disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1740] there is abnormal separation of the right. this is ageindeterminate. corticated bony density over the lateral aspect of the clavicle may reflect sequela of old remote. the cardia mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are normal. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no pulmonary edema. there is minimal endplate degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine. partial obscuration retrosternal space due to overlying. there is abnormal separation of right, question very acute versus chronic injury. correlate for focal pain. if indicated consider dedicated right shoulder films. no acute cortical artery disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1741] lung lines remain low. however, no focal infiltrates are identified. heart and pulmonary are normal. change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1742] lung lines remain low. however, no focal infiltrates are identified. heart and pulmonary are normal. change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1743] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1744] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1745] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified stable right midlung granulomas
[Record ID: OpenI-1746] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified stable right midlung granulomas
[Record ID: OpenI-1747] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. degenerative changes of the spine. low volume study without definite acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-1748] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. degenerative changes of the spine. low volume study without definite acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-1749] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1750] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1751] heart size is normal. right lung is clear. granulomatous disease in the bilateral. subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lung. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lobe
[Record ID: OpenI-1752] heart size is normal. right lung is clear. granulomatous disease in the bilateral. subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lung. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lobe
[Record ID: OpenI-1753] the lungs demonstrate low lung volumes but are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. mild streaky opacities in the left upper lobe on frontal projection are atelectatic or scar. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1754] the lungs demonstrate low lung volumes but are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. mild streaky opacities in the left upper lobe on frontal projection are atelectatic or scar. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1755] there is a stable closure device projected over the heart. the heart and mediastinum are otherwise normal. there is stable scarring of left mid lung. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no infiltrate, effusion, mass or pneumothorax. stable appearance of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1756] there is a stable closure device projected over the heart. the heart and mediastinum are otherwise normal. there is stable scarring of left mid lung. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no infiltrate, effusion, mass or pneumothorax. stable appearance of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1757] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes. right greater than left bilateral hilar and subcarinal adenopathy is again seen. the cardiac silhouette is prominent but probably artifactually large due to diminished lung volumes. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. there is a deformity of the left clavicle compatible with remote. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. mediastinal and hilar adenopathy compatible with patients known sarcoidosis
[Record ID: OpenI-1758] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes. right greater than left bilateral hilar and subcarinal adenopathy is again seen. the cardiac silhouette is prominent but probably artifactually large due to diminished lung volumes. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. there is a deformity of the left clavicle compatible with remote. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. mediastinal and hilar adenopathy compatible with patients known sarcoidosis
[Record ID: OpenI-1759] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine with an ageindeterminate, mild wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. no acute cardiopulmonary process., mild, ageindeterminate wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body
[Record ID: OpenI-1760] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine with an ageindeterminate, mild wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. no acute cardiopulmonary process., mild, ageindeterminate wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body
[Record ID: OpenI-1761] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1762] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1763] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous aorta. prior granulomatous disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable retrocardiac airspace opacity. stable retrocardiac airspace opacity
[Record ID: OpenI-1764] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1765] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1766] diffuse, right greater than left, interstitial opacities. central vascular congestion. no pneumothorax or focal consolidation. no pleural effusion. heart size normal. bilateral interstitial opacities and central vascular congestion interstitial edema
[Record ID: OpenI-1767] diffuse, right greater than left, interstitial opacities. central vascular congestion. no pneumothorax or focal consolidation. no pleural effusion. heart size normal. bilateral interstitial opacities and central vascular congestion interstitial edema
[Record ID: OpenI-1768] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1769] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1770] no findings. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. atherosclerotic changes in the thoracic aorta. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1771] no findings. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. atherosclerotic changes in the thoracic aorta. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1772] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs clear. no edema or effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-1773] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs clear. no edema or effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-1774] no findings. heart size is normal. right lung clear. there is a 3 cm nodular infiltrate in left midlung. this could represent pneumonia or a tumor. recommend followup radiology until clear
[Record ID: OpenI-1775] no findings. heart size is normal. right lung clear. there is a 3 cm nodular infiltrate in left midlung. this could represent pneumonia or a tumor. recommend followup radiology until clear
[Record ID: OpenI-1776] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1777] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1778] heart size is upper limits of normal and stable. they are multiple radiopaque densities overlying the patient.. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spinal. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1779] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1780] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1781] normal heart size. bibasilar patchy opacities, left greater than right. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. leftsided subclavian central venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. no significant pulmonary edema. low lung volumes. exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis with evidence of lower thoracic vertebral body the deep opacities. multiple mild vertebral body wedge deformities in the mid thoracic spine. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. multiple bilateral rib fractures, some of which appear old. interval deformity of the vertebral body the level of the two vertebroplasty. moderate left basilar lung consolidation with mild right basilar opacities, which may represent infection andor atelectasis. bilateral rib fractures, most of which appear old. interval vertebral body deformity in the lumbar spine since
[Record ID: OpenI-1782] normal heart size. bibasilar patchy opacities, left greater than right. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. leftsided subclavian central venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. no significant pulmonary edema. low lung volumes. exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis with evidence of lower thoracic vertebral body the deep opacities. multiple mild vertebral body wedge deformities in the mid thoracic spine. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. multiple bilateral rib fractures, some of which appear old. interval deformity of the vertebral body the level of the two vertebroplasty. moderate left basilar lung consolidation with mild right basilar opacities, which may represent infection andor atelectasis. bilateral rib fractures, most of which appear old. interval vertebral body deformity in the lumbar spine since
[Record ID: OpenI-1783] there are no acute osseous abnormalities. soft tissue structures are within normal limits. normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1784] there are no acute osseous abnormalities. soft tissue structures are within normal limits. normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1785] size is normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. there is a vague opacity in the right infrahilar region. there is also a 5 mm well circumscribed nodule in the right upper lung. it is not well visualized on lateral view. right perihilar lung nodule. recommend ct thorax with contrast to further assess. dr. the findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1786] size is normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. there is a vague opacity in the right infrahilar region. there is also a 5 mm well circumscribed nodule in the right upper lung. it is not well visualized on lateral view. right perihilar lung nodule. recommend ct thorax with contrast to further assess. dr. the findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1787] low lung volumes noted. the heart size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. no focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1788] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is mild eventration of right hemidiaphragm. no pleural effusion is seen. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1789] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is mild eventration of right hemidiaphragm. no pleural effusion is seen. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1790] cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size. the lungs are hypoinflated with mild bronchovascular crowding. there is mild, opacity projected over the left lung base. this is partly due to overlying soft tissues, however, there is partial obscuration of the lateral left hemidiaphragm. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are degenerative endplate changes throughout the thoracic spine. low lung volumes with mild, left basilar opacity, atelectasis versus infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-1791] cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size. the lungs are hypoinflated with mild bronchovascular crowding. there is mild, opacity projected over the left lung base. this is partly due to overlying soft tissues, however, there is partial obscuration of the lateral left hemidiaphragm. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are degenerative endplate changes throughout the thoracic spine. low lung volumes with mild, left basilar opacity, atelectasis versus infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-1792] lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1793] lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1794] normal heart size. tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. the lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1795] normal heart size. tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. the lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1796] cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. the right heart appears obscured and there are streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities, possibly due to airspace disease or atelectasis. otherwise, no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. obscured right heart with streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities, possibly due to airspace disease versus atelectasis. otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1797] cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. the right heart appears obscured and there are streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities, possibly due to airspace disease or atelectasis. otherwise, no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. obscured right heart with streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities, possibly due to airspace disease versus atelectasis. otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1798] there is stable left costophrenic blunting. the patient has undergone prior left lobectomy. there are chronic appearing right basilar interstitial markings. heart size normal. no visualized pneumothorax. there is stable appearing left upper and right upper lobe bullous disease. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. unchanged chronic appearance of the left lung
[Record ID: OpenI-1799] there is stable left costophrenic blunting. the patient has undergone prior left lobectomy. there are chronic appearing right basilar interstitial markings. heart size normal. no visualized pneumothorax. there is stable appearing left upper and right upper lobe bullous disease. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. unchanged chronic appearance of the left lung
[Record ID: OpenI-1800] the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. the patient is mildly rotated. no focal consolidations, pneumothorax or pleural effusions. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute displaced fractures. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no acute displaced fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-1801] heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes of thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality, specifically no evidence for acute tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-1802] heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes of thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality, specifically no evidence for acute tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-1803] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. right upper lobe scarringatelectasis. aortic calcifications. hyperexpanded lungs. right upper lobe scarringatelectasis. no focal pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1804] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. right upper lobe scarringatelectasis. aortic calcifications. hyperexpanded lungs. right upper lobe scarringatelectasis. no focal pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1805] the lungs are hyperexpanded. there is a large rounded lucency in the right upper lung, large emphysematous. there are biapical opacities, scarring. no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. there is no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. normal heart size. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. emphysema. large right upper lobe. biapical scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-1806] the lungs are hyperexpanded. there is a large rounded lucency in the right upper lung, large emphysematous. there are biapical opacities, scarring. no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. there is no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. normal heart size. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. emphysema. large right upper lobe. biapical scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-1807] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1808] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1809] severe emphysematous disease is again noted. multifocal areas of scarring are unchanged in appearance. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. stable findings consistent with severe emphysema. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1810] severe emphysematous disease is again noted. multifocal areas of scarring are unchanged in appearance. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. stable findings consistent with severe emphysema. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1811] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1812] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1813] calcified mediastinal. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1814] calcified mediastinal. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1815] moderate cardiomegaly. mild bilateral costophrenic blunting and fissural thickening, interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. dense right lower lobe nodule and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, primary differential diagnosis atypical infection and inflammation
[Record ID: OpenI-1816] moderate cardiomegaly. mild bilateral costophrenic blunting and fissural thickening, interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. dense right lower lobe nodule and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, primary differential diagnosis atypical infection and inflammation
[Record ID: OpenI-1817] prominent interstitial markings in the lungs are unchanged. no focal infiltrates. heart and pulmonary are normal. chronic interstitial lung disease and scars unchanged. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1818] prominent interstitial markings in the lungs are unchanged. no focal infiltrates. heart and pulmonary are normal. chronic interstitial lung disease and scars unchanged. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1819] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. costophrenic are blunted, corresponding to small bilateral pleural effusions. there is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax. low lung volumes with blunted costophrenic, bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-1820] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. costophrenic are blunted, corresponding to small bilateral pleural effusions. there is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax. low lung volumes with blunted costophrenic, bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-1821] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the aorta is tortuous and ectatic. there are degenerative changes of the acromioclavicular joints. there degenerative changes of the spine. there is an ivc identified. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1822] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the aorta is tortuous and ectatic. there are degenerative changes of the acromioclavicular joints. there degenerative changes of the spine. there is an ivc identified. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1823] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1824] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1825] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1826] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1827] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. no suspicious appearing lung nodules. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1828] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. no suspicious appearing lung nodules. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1829] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1830] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1831] heart size at the upper limits of normal. there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation, large effusion, or appreciable pneumothorax. tortuous, unfolded to descending aorta. calcified aortic. curvature of the thoracic spine. exaggerated kyphosis. are diffusely osteopenic. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with minimal anterior loss of several vertebral bodies. chronic changes without acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1832] heart size at the upper limits of normal. there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation, large effusion, or appreciable pneumothorax. tortuous, unfolded to descending aorta. calcified aortic. curvature of the thoracic spine. exaggerated kyphosis. are diffusely osteopenic. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with minimal anterior loss of several vertebral bodies. chronic changes without acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1833] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. calcified granulomas. degenerative changes thoracic spine. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-1834] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. calcified granulomas. degenerative changes thoracic spine. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-1835] normal heart size mediastinal contours. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1836] normal heart size mediastinal contours. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1837] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1838] no findings. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen, left hilar calcifications and dense nodule in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-1839] no findings. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen, left hilar calcifications and dense nodule in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-1840] mildly hyperinflated lungs with flattened posterior diaphragm. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. no pneumothorax. mildly hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory
[Record ID: OpenI-1841] mildly hyperinflated lungs with flattened posterior diaphragm. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. no pneumothorax. mildly hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory
[Record ID: OpenI-1842] the heart is normal in size. there is right paratracheal density concerning for lymphadenopathy. there are patchy right upper lobe streaky opacities. the remainder of the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. patchy opacities in right upper lobe, concerning for pneumonia, given history. right paratracheal density possibly reactive lymphadenopathy. followup evaluation to resolution is recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-1843] the heart is normal in size. there is right paratracheal density concerning for lymphadenopathy. there are patchy right upper lobe streaky opacities. the remainder of the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. patchy opacities in right upper lobe, concerning for pneumonia, given history. right paratracheal density possibly reactive lymphadenopathy. followup evaluation to resolution is recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-1844] stable right chest wall pacemaker with leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle. stable cardiomegaly. calcified thoracic aorta is unchanged. stable mild interstitial opacities. unchanged dense retrocardiac opacities. no pneumothorax or large effusion. stable chest with stable position right chest pacemaker and leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle. no pneumothorax identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1845] the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and shape. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-1846] the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and shape. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-1847] the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1848] the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1849] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1850] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1851] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1852] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1853] the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1854] the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1855] mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1856] mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1857] the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1858] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1859] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1860] there is a moderate layering left pleural effusion, grossly stable. there is a moderate right pleural effusion, which is partially loculated. there is some pleural fluid tracking along the right fissure. there is bibasilar airspace disease, possibly passive atelectasis. no pneumothorax is identified. heart size is within normal limits. right picc tip is at the svc. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. partially loculated right pleural effusion, grossly stable. stable moderate layering left pleural effusion. bibasilar airspace disease, possibly atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1861] there is a moderate layering left pleural effusion, grossly stable. there is a moderate right pleural effusion, which is partially loculated. there is some pleural fluid tracking along the right fissure. there is bibasilar airspace disease, possibly passive atelectasis. no pneumothorax is identified. heart size is within normal limits. right picc tip is at the svc. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. partially loculated right pleural effusion, grossly stable. stable moderate layering left pleural effusion. bibasilar airspace disease, possibly atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1862] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1863] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1864] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. lung volumes are low normal. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1865] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. lung volumes are low normal. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1866] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified right hilar and mediastinal lymph. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1867] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified right hilar and mediastinal lymph. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1868] the lungs focal airspace consolidation. there is atelectasis of the left lung base. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. cervical vertebral is partially visible at the top of the radiographs. left basilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-1869] the lungs focal airspace consolidation. there is atelectasis of the left lung base. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. cervical vertebral is partially visible at the top of the radiographs. left basilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-1870] normal heart size. aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. right ij central venous catheter tip in region of mid svc. there are 2 aicd leads, one tip in expected region of right atrium and one tip in expected region of right ventricle. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1871] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1872] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-1873] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence of active tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-1874] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence of active tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-1875] the heart size is normal. there is tortuosity of aorta. pulmonary vascularity is normal. no focal airspace disease or effusion. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. tortuous aorta, otherwise unremarkable exam
[Record ID: OpenI-1876] the heart size is normal. there is tortuosity of aorta. pulmonary vascularity is normal. no focal airspace disease or effusion. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. tortuous aorta, otherwise unremarkable exam
[Record ID: OpenI-1877] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour and unchanged in comparison to prior exams. the lungs are clear with no evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1878] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour and unchanged in comparison to prior exams. the lungs are clear with no evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1879] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. mild scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1880] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. mild scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1881] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasiatortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. distal clavicle shortening also present on the previous exam, possibly posttraumatic or postsurgical. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1882] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasiatortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. distal clavicle shortening also present on the previous exam, possibly posttraumatic or postsurgical. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1883] no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. borderline cardiomegaly. minimal retrocardiac airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. bony structures appear intact. minimal retrocardiac airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1884] no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. borderline cardiomegaly. minimal retrocardiac airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. bony structures appear intact. minimal retrocardiac airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1885] cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1886] cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-1887] no findings. there is minimal streaky opacity in the posterior lungs, possibly cyst, scarring, or pneumonia. heart size and pulmonary appear normal mediastinal contours are normal
[Record ID: OpenI-1888] no findings. there is minimal streaky opacity in the posterior lungs, possibly cyst, scarring, or pneumonia. heart size and pulmonary appear normal mediastinal contours are normal
[Record ID: OpenI-1889] status post midline sternotomy with intact. stable mild cardiomegaly. normal lung vascularity. the lungs are clear. stable postop changes with stable mild cardiomegaly and normal lung vascularity
[Record ID: OpenI-1890] status post midline sternotomy with intact. stable mild cardiomegaly. normal lung vascularity. the lungs are clear. stable postop changes with stable mild cardiomegaly and normal lung vascularity
[Record ID: OpenI-1891] negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. bilateral granulomas are seen scattered throughout the lungs. negative for pneumothorax. negative for focal air space consolidation. some minimal streaky opacity at the bilateral bases relates to subsegmental atelectasis. no acute cardiothoracic process
[Record ID: OpenI-1892] negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. bilateral granulomas are seen scattered throughout the lungs. negative for pneumothorax. negative for focal air space consolidation. some minimal streaky opacity at the bilateral bases relates to subsegmental atelectasis. no acute cardiothoracic process
[Record ID: OpenI-1893] the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. lower cervical degenerative arthritis. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1894] the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. lower cervical degenerative arthritis. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1895] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. there is elevated right hemidiaphragm and evidence of right upper lobectomy. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1896] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. there is elevated right hemidiaphragm and evidence of right upper lobectomy. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1897] in the interval, consolidations have developed in the left upper lobe and both lower lobes. heart size remains slightly large. pulmonary normal. bilateral increasing consolidations, consistent with multifocal pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1898] the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1899] the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1900] the heart size is upper limits of normal. aorta is tortuous. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. upper limits of normal in size heart and mild tortuosity of the aortic. no acute pulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1901] the heart size is upper limits of normal. aorta is tortuous. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. upper limits of normal in size heart and mild tortuosity of the aortic. no acute pulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1902] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly and aortic ectasia and tortuosity. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion. chronic appearing bilateral rib contour deformities compatible with old fractures. no pneumothorax. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1903] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly and aortic ectasia and tortuosity. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion. chronic appearing bilateral rib contour deformities compatible with old fractures. no pneumothorax. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1904] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. overlying ekg leads. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1905] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. overlying ekg leads. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1906] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute, displaced rib fractures. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1907] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute, displaced rib fractures. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1908] no findings. stable slight cardiomegaly. sternotomy. lungs clear. no destructive lesions of the ribs. no masses or nodules. stable resection of distal left clavicle. no fractures of the thoracic spine. aortic calcification
[Record ID: OpenI-1909] no findings. 2 views of the chest demonstrate sternotomy and mild thoracic dextroscoliosis. incidental note of an azygos pseudofissure. the heart is mildly enlarged and pulmonary vasculature appears somewhat more prominent on the left than on the right, but the lungs appear clear, with no evidence of pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-1910] no findings. no cardiomegaly with bilateral small pleural effusions. decubitus be informative. no evidence of pneumonia, nodules, or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-1911] no findings. no cardiomegaly with bilateral small pleural effusions. decubitus be informative. no evidence of pneumonia, nodules, or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-1912] no findings. heart size moderately enlarged for technique, aortic ectasiatortuosity. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. vascular redistribution without typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-1913] no findings. heart size moderately enlarged for technique, aortic ectasiatortuosity. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. vascular redistribution without typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-1914] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1915] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1916] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is an interim cervical spinal fusion partly evaluated. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1917] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is an interim cervical spinal fusion partly evaluated. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1918] heart and mediastinum are normal. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1919] heart and mediastinum are normal. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1920] considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomegaly and stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1921] considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomegaly and stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1922] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1923] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1924] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-1925] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-1926] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1927] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1928] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. scarring and emphysematous changes noted. the lungs are grossly clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1929] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. scarring and emphysematous changes noted. the lungs are grossly clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1930] no unusual findings. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-1931] no unusual findings. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-1932] right lower lobe infiltrate. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. the heart size is normal. there has been interval placement of a left chest, with its distal tip in the left sided svc. right lower lobe infiltrate, suggestive of pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1933] the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. the lungs are wellexpanded and clear. there is no focal airspace opacity. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is irregularity of the 7th posterior right rib with underlying pleural thickening. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. irregularity of the posterior right 7th rib with underlying pleural thickening. this may be related to, however, if there is no known history, consider comparison with prior studies if available of the chest for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-1934] the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. the lungs are wellexpanded and clear. there is no focal airspace opacity. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is irregularity of the 7th posterior right rib with underlying pleural thickening. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. irregularity of the posterior right 7th rib with underlying pleural thickening. this may be related to, however, if there is no known history, consider comparison with prior studies if available of the chest for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-1935] within the right lower lobes there are airspace opacities representing consolidation and atelectasis with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. no acute osseous abnormality. right lower lobe airspace disease with bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-1936] within the right lower lobes there are airspace opacities representing consolidation and atelectasis with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. no acute osseous abnormality. right lower lobe airspace disease with bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-1937] there is stable cavity in the right apex, related to prior tuberculosis infection. there is increased opacity in the left upper lobe, peripherally. there is pulmonary hyperexpansion. there is no large effusion or pneumothorax. right upper lobe cavity, consistent with prior tuberculous infection. there is increased right upper lobe opacities compared to the prior study. this could represent reactivation of tuberculosis or other infection
[Record ID: OpenI-1938] there is stable cavity in the right apex, related to prior tuberculosis infection. there is increased opacity in the left upper lobe, peripherally. there is pulmonary hyperexpansion. there is no large effusion or pneumothorax. right upper lobe cavity, consistent with prior tuberculous infection. there is increased right upper lobe opacities compared to the prior study. this could represent reactivation of tuberculosis or other infection
[Record ID: OpenI-1939] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. calcified granuloma within the right lung base. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1940] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. calcified granuloma within the right lung base. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1941] lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1942] lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1943] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. lungs are clear of focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic, without definite pleural effusion. clear lungs. mildly blunted right costophrenic without definite pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-1944] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. lungs are clear of focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic, without definite pleural effusion. clear lungs. mildly blunted right costophrenic without definite pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-1945] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is a calcified granuloma identified in the right suprahilar region. the aorta is mildly tortuous and ectatic. there is asymmetric right apical smooth pleural thickening. there are severe degenerative changes of the. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1946] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is a calcified granuloma identified in the right suprahilar region. the aorta is mildly tortuous and ectatic. there is asymmetric right apical smooth pleural thickening. there are severe degenerative changes of the. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1947] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is persistent stable appearing right apical scarring. there is persistent left basilar scarring. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. chronic lung disease without superimposed acute disease identified
[Record ID: OpenI-1948] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. calcified granuloma, right base. normal. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1949] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. calcified granuloma, right base. normal. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1950] low lung volumes bilaterally. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1951] low lung volumes bilaterally. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1952] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no change calcified aorticopulmonary node. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1953] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no change calcified aorticopulmonary node. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1954] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications in the paratracheal region. mild streaky scarring in the right upper lobe. no active pneumonia. bony structures are intact. no lobar pneumonia is present
[Record ID: OpenI-1955] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications in the paratracheal region. mild streaky scarring in the right upper lobe. no active pneumonia. bony structures are intact. no lobar pneumonia is present
[Record ID: OpenI-1956] no unusual findings. heart size normal and lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-1957] no unusual findings. heart size normal and lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-1958] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. streaky perihilar opacities. peribronchial cuffing also noted. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal. findings most suggestive of infectious or reactive small airways disease. no focal pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1959] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. streaky perihilar opacities. peribronchial cuffing also noted. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal. findings most suggestive of infectious or reactive small airways disease. no focal pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-1960] atrial septal occluder artifact. rotated frontal position, overall heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. densities in the left base, small focal opacity in the right base with focal posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic. biapical pleuroparenchymal irregularities most compatible with scarring, chronic appearing right 5th rib contour deformity. no pneumothorax seen. densities in left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis abnormal opacity in the right base due at in part to atelectasis with right hemidiaphragm eventration, question small right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-1961] atrial septal occluder artifact. rotated frontal position, overall heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. densities in the left base, small focal opacity in the right base with focal posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic. biapical pleuroparenchymal irregularities most compatible with scarring, chronic appearing right 5th rib contour deformity. no pneumothorax seen. densities in left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis abnormal opacity in the right base due at in part to atelectasis with right hemidiaphragm eventration, question small right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-1962] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. no nodules or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-1963] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. no nodules or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-1964] the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1965] the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1966] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma are noted. a few opacities are present consistent with of scarring or atelectasis. a few basilar of opacity. this may represent scarring or atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1967] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma are noted. a few opacities are present consistent with of scarring or atelectasis. a few basilar of opacity. this may represent scarring or atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-1968] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1969] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1970] normal heart size and mediastinal contour. atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic. no abnormal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable biapical lucency and apical scarring, consistent with emphysema. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-1971] the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1972] the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1973] ap and lateral view of the chest. cardiomegaly with central vascular congestion and increased interstitial opacities suggesting mild interstitial pulmonary edema. small bilateral pleural effusions. no visible pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-1974] ap and lateral view of the chest. cardiomegaly with central vascular congestion and increased interstitial opacities suggesting mild interstitial pulmonary edema. small bilateral pleural effusions. no visible pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-1975] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1976] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1977] heart size is enlarged but stable. stable sequela prior granulomatous disease. stable sternotomy with fracture of the superiormost sternotomy.. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. degenerative endplate changes of the spine. stable cardiomegaly without acute cardio pulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1978] heart size is enlarged but stable. stable sequela prior granulomatous disease. stable sternotomy with fracture of the superiormost sternotomy.. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. degenerative endplate changes of the spine. stable cardiomegaly without acute cardio pulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-1979] chest. the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base. soft tissue neck. there is reversal of the normal cervical lordosis which may indicate muscle spasm versus a positional phenomenon. there is no prevertebral soft tissue. the epiglottis is within normal limits. there is a 3 mm x 1 mm density identified on the lateral exam only, possibly within one of the piriform sinuses. soft tissue neck. small 3 x 1 mm density possibly in a piriform sinus only seen on the lateral exam. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1980] chest. the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base. soft tissue neck. there is reversal of the normal cervical lordosis which may indicate muscle spasm versus a positional phenomenon. there is no prevertebral soft tissue. the epiglottis is within normal limits. there is a 3 mm x 1 mm density identified on the lateral exam only, possibly within one of the piriform sinuses. soft tissue neck. small 3 x 1 mm density possibly in a piriform sinus only seen on the lateral exam. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1981] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1982] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-1983] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1984] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1985] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. arthritic changes are seen throughout the spine and both. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1986] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. arthritic changes are seen throughout the spine and both. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1987] there are no focal airspace opacities within the lungs. there is a 1 cm nodular density projecting in the right midlung between the third and fourth right anterior ribs which does not appear to be present on the prior. to the pulmonary interstitium is not clear, making it the vasculature somewhat indistinct in the mid and lower lungs. this may reflect parenchymal nodules. nodules were identified on the prior chest ct. mediastinal contours appear grossly normal. there are small calcified left hilar lymph. the heart and pulmonary otherwise appear normal. pleural spaces appear clear. 1 nodular density seen on the pa view only projecting in the right midlung. recommend noncontrasted enhanced for evaluation of this nodule. does this patient have known factors for malignancy somewhat indistinct pulmonary interstitium possibly reflecting underlying pulmonary sarcoidosis
[Record ID: OpenI-1988] no unusual findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-1989] no unusual findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-1990] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes mild bibasilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. the lateral views are limited by patient positioning and motion. large cervical spine osteophytes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. technically limited exam. incidental note of large cervical spine osteophytes
[Record ID: OpenI-1991] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes mild bibasilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. the lateral views are limited by patient positioning and motion. large cervical spine osteophytes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. technically limited exam. incidental note of large cervical spine osteophytes
[Record ID: OpenI-1992] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1993] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1994] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are increased lucencies in the bilateral apices along with horizontal oblique scarring in the left upper lobe. this could suggest emphysematous bullae. are grossly unremarkable. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1995] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are increased lucencies in the bilateral apices along with horizontal oblique scarring in the left upper lobe. this could suggest emphysematous bullae. are grossly unremarkable. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1996] pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or lobar air space consolidation. right middle lobe collapse appears less distinct than on prior study. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1997] pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or lobar air space consolidation. right middle lobe collapse appears less distinct than on prior study. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1998] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-1999] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2000] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. stable right lower lung granuloma. interval to right clavicle procedure. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2001] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. stable right lower lung granuloma. interval to right clavicle procedure. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2002] and lateral views of the chest were obtained on 02010. the lung volumes are normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. there is stable mild tenting of the medial aspect of the right diaphragm. the mediastinum and pulmonary are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are seen. end of report
[Record ID: OpenI-2003] and lateral views of the chest were obtained on 02010. the lung volumes are normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. there is stable mild tenting of the medial aspect of the right diaphragm. the mediastinum and pulmonary are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are seen. end of report
[Record ID: OpenI-2004] the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2005] the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2006] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. minimal degenerative spurring of midthoracic spine. no effusion, pneumonia, nodules or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-2007] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. minimal degenerative spurring of midthoracic spine. no effusion, pneumonia, nodules or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-2008] heart and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. the pulmonary vasculature is normal in appearance. the lung parenchyma is clear, without focal infiltrate. there are no pleural effusions, and there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures are grossly unremarkable. no displaced rib fractures. right nipple ring noted. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2009] heart and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. the pulmonary vasculature is normal in appearance. the lung parenchyma is clear, without focal infiltrate. there are no pleural effusions, and there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures are grossly unremarkable. no displaced rib fractures. right nipple ring noted. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2010] there is increased opacity within the right upper lobe with possible mass and associated area of atelectasis or focal consolidation. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. opacity in the left midlung overlying the posterior left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. increased opacity in the right upper lobe with associated atelectasis may represent focal consolidation or mass lesion with atelectasis. recommend chest ct for further evaluation. opacity overlying the left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2011] there is increased opacity within the right upper lobe with possible mass and associated area of atelectasis or focal consolidation. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. opacity in the left midlung overlying the posterior left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. increased opacity in the right upper lobe with associated atelectasis may represent focal consolidation or mass lesion with atelectasis. recommend chest ct for further evaluation. opacity overlying the left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2012] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. granulomatous sequela are noted. the lungs are otherwise clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2013] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. granulomatous sequela are noted. the lungs are otherwise clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2014] right duallumen internal jugular central venous catheter seen with tip overlying the cavoatrial junction. heart size at the upper limits of normal. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. patchy bibasilar air airspace opacities right greater than left. no visualized pneumothorax. prominence of the mediastinum consistent with history of sarcoid. bilateral lower lung airspace disease right greater than left, most representing acute infectious process. widening of the mediastinum, secondary to lymphadenopathy related to sarcoid, or possibly reactive adenopathy
[Record ID: OpenI-2015] right duallumen internal jugular central venous catheter seen with tip overlying the cavoatrial junction. heart size at the upper limits of normal. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. patchy bibasilar air airspace opacities right greater than left. no visualized pneumothorax. prominence of the mediastinum consistent with history of sarcoid. bilateral lower lung airspace disease right greater than left, most representing acute infectious process. widening of the mediastinum, secondary to lymphadenopathy related to sarcoid, or possibly reactive adenopathy
[Record ID: OpenI-2016] normal cardiomediastinal contours. lungs are clear bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2017] normal cardiomediastinal contours. lungs are clear bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2018] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2019] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2020] no unusual findings. normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. no of pleural effusions. no infiltrates. normal of chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2021] no unusual findings. normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. no of pleural effusions. no infiltrates. normal of chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2022] overall low lung volumes with mild patchy bibasilar airspace disease. this most represents atelectasis given the low lung volumes. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. mild patchy bibasilar airspace disease most representing atelectasis given the low lung volumes
[Record ID: OpenI-2023] cardiomegaly. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. levocurvature of the thoracic spine. lumbar vertebral body stabilization. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-2024] cardiomegaly. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. levocurvature of the thoracic spine. lumbar vertebral body stabilization. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-2025] postsurgical changes of the right chest. mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-2026] postsurgical changes of the right chest. mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-2027] no findings. heart size is normal. calcified right paratracheal lymph calcified granuloma in the peripheral portion right upper lobe. no arteriographic evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-2028] no findings. heart size is normal. calcified right paratracheal lymph calcified granuloma in the peripheral portion right upper lobe. no arteriographic evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-2029] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2030] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2031] no findings. low lung volumes patchy and streaky bibasilar atelectasis or scarring, unchanged from prior study blunting of the costophrenic suggestive of small pleural effusions. this is seen in the posterior costophrenic recesses esophagogastric to the in, the distal tip coursing inferiorly into the stomach and not included on the study. previously noted esophagogastric flexion catheter has been removed previously noted leftsided picc line has been removed
[Record ID: OpenI-2032] no findings. low lung volumes patchy and streaky bibasilar atelectasis or scarring, unchanged from prior study blunting of the costophrenic suggestive of small pleural effusions. this is seen in the posterior costophrenic recesses esophagogastric to the in, the distal tip coursing inferiorly into the stomach and not included on the study. previously noted esophagogastric flexion catheter has been removed previously noted leftsided picc line has been removed
[Record ID: OpenI-2033] cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and within normal limits for size with unchanged atherosclerosis and tortuosity thoracic aorta. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. no acute bony abnormality. stable left proximal humeral enchondroma versus remote bony infarct. stable multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. calcified granuloma seen anteriorly on lateral view is stable since. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2034] cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and within normal limits for size with unchanged atherosclerosis and tortuosity thoracic aorta. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. no acute bony abnormality. stable left proximal humeral enchondroma versus remote bony infarct. stable multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. calcified granuloma seen anteriorly on lateral view is stable since. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2035] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusion. mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2036] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusion. mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2037] the lungs are hyperinflated with coarse interstitial markings compatible with obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema. there is chronic pleuralparenchymal scarring within the lung bases. no lobar consolidation is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is normal. emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-2038] lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2039] lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2040] the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. surgical clips again seen overlying the superior mediastinum.there is an retrocardiac density compatible hiatal hernia. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen. mild hypoinflation without acute disease. retrocardiac density compatible with hiatal hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-2041] the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. surgical clips again seen overlying the superior mediastinum.there is an retrocardiac density compatible hiatal hernia. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen. mild hypoinflation without acute disease. retrocardiac density compatible with hiatal hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-2042] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2043] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2044] mild cardiomegaly. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. mild cardiomegaly. otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2045] mild cardiomegaly. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. mild cardiomegaly. otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2046] stable calcified hilar and granulomas. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2047] stable calcified hilar and granulomas. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2048] stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. there is dextroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. multiple thoracic deformities appear unchanged. there is no displaced rib fracture identified. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. stable changes of chronic lung disease with flattening of the left hemidiaphragm. there is mild right basilar airspace disease which may represent atelectasis versus infiltrate. no acute posttraumatic finding. mild right basilar airspace consolidation may represent atelectasis versus infiltrate. changes of chronic lung disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2049] no findings. persistent 8mm pneumothorax with small amount of pleural effusion. heart size normal. enteric tube tip in the stomach. midline abdominal clips. in the right upper quadrant. bullet overlies l3
[Record ID: OpenI-2050] no findings. persistent 8mm pneumothorax with small amount of pleural effusion. heart size normal. enteric tube tip in the stomach. midline abdominal clips. in the right upper quadrant. bullet overlies l3
[Record ID: OpenI-2051] heart size near top normal limits, mild aortic ectasia size tortuosity. mediastinal calcifications and dense nodule in the lingula suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2052] heart size near top normal limits, mild aortic ectasia size tortuosity. mediastinal calcifications and dense nodule in the lingula suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2053] both lungs are clear and expanded area heart and mediastinum are normal. incidental note of bilateral breast implants. no active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2054] both lungs are clear and expanded area heart and mediastinum are normal. incidental note of bilateral breast implants. no active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2055] right upper lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia given patients history. the lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. right upper lobe pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-2056] right upper lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia given patients history. the lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. right upper lobe pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-2057] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. right aortic with probable aberrant left subclavian artery. this is a normal variant seen in one of 200 patients. no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-2058] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. right aortic with probable aberrant left subclavian artery. this is a normal variant seen in one of 200 patients. no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-2059] heart size is within normal limits. tortuous aorta. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. atherosclerotic calcification within the aorta. right lower lung granuloma. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2060] heart size is within normal limits. tortuous aorta. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. atherosclerotic calcification within the aorta. right lower lung granuloma. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2061] no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. however, there is a 7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum, which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy. scattered calcified granulomas also seen. heart size is upper limit normal. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum, there is large lymph node or partially calcified granuloma. followup radiograph to assess stability may be of benefit
[Record ID: OpenI-2062] no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. however, there is a 7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum, which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy. scattered calcified granulomas also seen. heart size is upper limit normal. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum, there is large lymph node or partially calcified granuloma. followup radiograph to assess stability may be of benefit
[Record ID: OpenI-2063] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. no evidence of thoracic injury
[Record ID: OpenI-2064] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. no evidence of thoracic injury
[Record ID: OpenI-2065] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. leftsided aortic. pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. central airways are. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bony structure are grossly unremarkable. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2066] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. leftsided aortic. pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. central airways are. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bony structure are grossly unremarkable. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2067] the lateral images limited secondary to motion artifact. no focal consolidation, large pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size normal. unremarkable. limited exam, no definite acute intrathoracic finding
[Record ID: OpenI-2068] the lateral images limited secondary to motion artifact. no focal consolidation, large pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size normal. unremarkable. limited exam, no definite acute intrathoracic finding
[Record ID: OpenI-2069] moderate cardiomegaly. prominent vascular pedicleupper mediastinal contour. mild central vascular congestion. no overt edema or confluent lobar pneumonia. no pleural effusion. thoracic spondylosis. no acute findings, see above
[Record ID: OpenI-2070] moderate cardiomegaly. prominent vascular pedicleupper mediastinal contour. mild central vascular congestion. no overt edema or confluent lobar pneumonia. no pleural effusion. thoracic spondylosis. no acute findings, see above
[Record ID: OpenI-2071] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2072] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2073] no findings. slight cardiomegaly. calcified hilar lymph. no edema or effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-2074] no findings. slight cardiomegaly. calcified hilar lymph. no edema or effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-2075] there is a leftsided picc with tip at the caval atrial junction. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. stable short segment catheter tubing overlying the left, to reside within anterior chest soft tissues on recent chest ct. stable remote posttraumatic changes of multiple right ribs. left picc tip at cavoatrial junction. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2076] there is a leftsided picc with tip at the caval atrial junction. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. stable short segment catheter tubing overlying the left, to reside within anterior chest soft tissues on recent chest ct. stable remote posttraumatic changes of multiple right ribs. left picc tip at cavoatrial junction. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2077] one are low. both costophrenic are blunted. pulmonary are normal. no visible infiltrates in the aerated lungs. bilateral large pleural effusion, possibly from pleuritis or sympathetic from the known pancreatitis
[Record ID: OpenI-2078] one are low. both costophrenic are blunted. pulmonary are normal. no visible infiltrates in the aerated lungs. bilateral large pleural effusion, possibly from pleuritis or sympathetic from the known pancreatitis
[Record ID: OpenI-2079] the left and right remain enlarged and unchanged. lungs are free of infiltrates. heart size normal. stable bilateral hilar adenopathy
[Record ID: OpenI-2080] there is mild cardiomegaly. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. lung volumes are low with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. there is platelike atelectasis in the right midlung along with bibasilar airspace disease, either atelectasis or infiltrate. no pneumothorax. bibasilar airspace disease, greater on the right, either atelectasis or infiltrate. platelike right midlung atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2081] there is mild cardiomegaly. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. lung volumes are low with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. there is platelike atelectasis in the right midlung along with bibasilar airspace disease, either atelectasis or infiltrate. no pneumothorax. bibasilar airspace disease, greater on the right, either atelectasis or infiltrate. platelike right midlung atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2082] heart size is within normal limits. emphysematous changes. focal pleural thickening in the left apex is scarring. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic. there is no focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2083] heart size is within normal limits. emphysematous changes. focal pleural thickening in the left apex is scarring. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic. there is no focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2084] no findings. calcified right basilar nodule compatible with granuloma histoplasmoma. a few calcified right hilar lymph. lungs overall well expanded and clear. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2085] no findings. calcified right basilar nodule compatible with granuloma histoplasmoma. a few calcified right hilar lymph. lungs overall well expanded and clear. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2086] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. osteopenia and deformities, degenerative changes and scoliosis are present in the thoracic spine. calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe. on component of a scan, several nodules were identified. a nodule is seen in the right middle lobe which corresponds with one of the nodules present on the previous ct scan. right middle lobe lung nodule. corresponds to one of those seen on the previous scan. the other nodules seen on the chest ct scan are not identified. this may be due to having resolved or simply not being visible on the chest. a chest ct scan would be needed to be to determine whether these have resolved or not visible on the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2087] stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2088] stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2089] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures show arthritic changes. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2090] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures show arthritic changes. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2091] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal. intact. chondral cartilages causing over the anterior lungs on lateral view. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2092] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal. intact. chondral cartilages causing over the anterior lungs on lateral view. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2093] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-2094] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-2095] lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. hyperexpanded but clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-2096] lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. hyperexpanded but clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-2097] heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2098] heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2099] heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2100] heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2101] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. bilateral nipple jewelry. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2102] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. bilateral nipple jewelry. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2103] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2104] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2105] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. postoperative changes seen in the left humerus. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2106] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. postoperative changes seen in the left humerus. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2107] the heart is mildly enlarged. mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there are streaky left basilar airspace opacities, compatible with atelectasis as seen on comparison abdomen and pelvis ct. there is a left upper lung granuloma. otherwise, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. appear intact. left basilar atelectasis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2108] the heart is mildly enlarged. mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there are streaky left basilar airspace opacities, compatible with atelectasis as seen on comparison abdomen and pelvis ct. there is a left upper lung granuloma. otherwise, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. appear intact. left basilar atelectasis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2109] there are lower lung volumes. there is central bronchovascular crowding. volume loss in the medial right upper lobe seen on is not as welldemonstrated on radiography. no lobar consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2110] there are lower lung volumes. there is central bronchovascular crowding. volume loss in the medial right upper lobe seen on is not as welldemonstrated on radiography. no lobar consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2111] no findings. heart size is normal. bilateral upper lobe, fibronodular infiltrates which have been there on prior exams
[Record ID: OpenI-2112] no findings. heart size is normal. bilateral upper lobe, fibronodular infiltrates which have been there on prior exams
[Record ID: OpenI-2113] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2114] no findings. there is mild to moderate cardiomegaly. tortuous and ectatic appearing aorta. no overt edema. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen
[Record ID: OpenI-2115] no findings. there is mild to moderate cardiomegaly. tortuous and ectatic appearing aorta. no overt edema. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen
[Record ID: OpenI-2116] the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged and appears mildly increased in size from the study. there is normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pulmonary edema. probable mild cardiomegaly, without evidence of acute failure. no focal airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2117] the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged and appears mildly increased in size from the study. there is normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pulmonary edema. probable mild cardiomegaly, without evidence of acute failure. no focal airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2118] the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. opacities are noted in the lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. chronic changes without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2119] the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. opacities are noted in the lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. chronic changes without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2120] no focal consolidation. there are prominent interstitial markings, including focally in right upper lobe, which are similar from prior examination. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. there are no pleural effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2121] heart size upper limits of normal. pulmonary vascular engorgement appears within limits of normal. no consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bridging syndesmophytes are noted throughout visualized thoracolumbar spine. this could indicate diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis. this is similar to prior imaging. no acute changes from prior imaging
[Record ID: OpenI-2122] heart size upper limits of normal. pulmonary vascular engorgement appears within limits of normal. no consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bridging syndesmophytes are noted throughout visualized thoracolumbar spine. this could indicate diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis. this is similar to prior imaging. no acute changes from prior imaging
[Record ID: OpenI-2123] heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2124] heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2125] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2126] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2127] this is a stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. some blunting of the left costophrenic represent scarring or atelectasis. no large pneumothorax or effusion. there are no acute osseous abnormalities. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2128] this is a stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. some blunting of the left costophrenic represent scarring or atelectasis. no large pneumothorax or effusion. there are no acute osseous abnormalities. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2129] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2130] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2131] no findings. the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear to be are unremarkable. an element of atelectasis and infiltrate is noted involving the right upper lobe. in addition, subsegmental atelectatic change is present overlying the left ventricle. no pneumothorax is identified. the osseous structures appear to be unremarkable. incidental note is of nipple
[Record ID: OpenI-2132] no findings. the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear to be are unremarkable. an element of atelectasis and infiltrate is noted involving the right upper lobe. in addition, subsegmental atelectatic change is present overlying the left ventricle. no pneumothorax is identified. the osseous structures appear to be unremarkable. incidental note is of nipple
[Record ID: OpenI-2133] mild cardiomegaly. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there is thoracic kyphosis. there is deformity of t12 and l1, unchanged abdomen,. aortic calcifications are noted. fracture of right proximal humerus, incompletely evaluated. no acute abnormality of the chest. deformities of t12 and l1, unchanged abdomen, abdomen,. fracture of right proximal humerus, incompletely evaluated
[Record ID: OpenI-2134] mild cardiomegaly. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there is thoracic kyphosis. there is deformity of t12 and l1, unchanged abdomen,. aortic calcifications are noted. fracture of right proximal humerus, incompletely evaluated. no acute abnormality of the chest. deformities of t12 and l1, unchanged abdomen, abdomen,. fracture of right proximal humerus, incompletely evaluated
[Record ID: OpenI-2135] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2136] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2137] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. minimal blunting of the left costophrenic. no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute pulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2138] bilateral glenohumeral degenerative joint disease. scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stable mild heart enlargement.prominence of soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum. it is increased from most recent prior exam on. however, it appears similar compared to exams performed in. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. focal opacity in the left upper lobe represents scarring or related to overlying rib opacity. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. prominent soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum. recommend follow pa and lateral radiograph or ct thorax for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-2139] bilateral glenohumeral degenerative joint disease. scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stable mild heart enlargement.prominence of soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum. it is increased from most recent prior exam on. however, it appears similar compared to exams performed in. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. focal opacity in the left upper lobe represents scarring or related to overlying rib opacity. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. prominent soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum. recommend follow pa and lateral radiograph or ct thorax for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-2140] borderline enlarged heart. torturousectatic thoracic aorta. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes of the spine. there is fracture of distal right clavicle, better seen on the right shoulder radiographs dated. small round lucency in the distal left clavicle, appears benign. degenerative changes of both joints. borderline enlarged heart. tortuousectatic thoracic aorta. fracture of the distal right clavicle, better seen on todays radiograph of the shoulder
[Record ID: OpenI-2141] borderline enlarged heart. torturousectatic thoracic aorta. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes of the spine. there is fracture of distal right clavicle, better seen on the right shoulder radiographs dated. small round lucency in the distal left clavicle, appears benign. degenerative changes of both joints. borderline enlarged heart. tortuousectatic thoracic aorta. fracture of the distal right clavicle, better seen on todays radiograph of the shoulder
[Record ID: OpenI-2142] no findings. mild hyperinflation, air trapping versus inspiratory. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. right hemidiaphragm eventration. heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-2143] no findings. mild hyperinflation, air trapping versus inspiratory. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. right hemidiaphragm eventration. heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-2144] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. atherosclerosis of the aortic. minimal densities, left lung base. hyperexpanded lungs. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. chronic lung changes without acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2145] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. atherosclerosis of the aortic. minimal densities, left lung base. hyperexpanded lungs. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. chronic lung changes without acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2146] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2147] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2148] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-2149] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-2150] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. small pleural effusion is identified. small bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-2151] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. small pleural effusion is identified. small bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-2152] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2153] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2154] chronic bilateral emphysematous changes. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. stable splenic artery embolism coils. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2155] chronic bilateral emphysematous changes. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. stable splenic artery embolism coils. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2156] no findings. stable cardiomegaly. improved aeration in the left lung base. right basilar airspace disease is unchanged. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. right internal jugular central line has been removed. left subclavian line is stable
[Record ID: OpenI-2157] no findings. stable cardiomegaly. improved aeration in the left lung base. right basilar airspace disease is unchanged. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. right internal jugular central line has been removed. left subclavian line is stable
[Record ID: OpenI-2158] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-2159] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-2160] postsurgical changes noted overlying the left axilla. no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2161] postsurgical changes noted overlying the left axilla. no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2162] there is hyperinflation. there is some subtle scarring in the lateral right base. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. copd and probable right basilar scarring. no acute pulmonary disease identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2163] there is hyperinflation. there is some subtle scarring in the lateral right base. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. copd and probable right basilar scarring. no acute pulmonary disease identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2164] no findings. displacement of a fusion on the lateral view with distal tip closely approximating the skin surface with a change in alignment since the previous exam. severe scoliosis, tracheostomy tube, left picc tip in the right hemithorax in the expected location of the right subclavian vein, repositioning recommended. heart size within normal limits for technique, retrocardiac opacity due at in part to atelectasis with small left hemithorax, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. vp shunt tubing and right nephrostomy tube
[Record ID: OpenI-2165] there is blunting of the left costophrenic compatible with a moderate to large left pleural fluid collection. there are areas of airspace opacity within the left lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. minimal bandlike atelectasis within the right lung base. heart size is normal. leftsided tunneled catheter terminates at the caval atrial junction. right ij venous catheter terminates at the proximal svc. lines and tubes as above. moderatetolarge left pleural effusion, with adjacent airspace disease or atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2166] there is blunting of the left costophrenic compatible with a moderate to large left pleural fluid collection. there are areas of airspace opacity within the left lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. minimal bandlike atelectasis within the right lung base. heart size is normal. leftsided tunneled catheter terminates at the caval atrial junction. right ij venous catheter terminates at the proximal svc. lines and tubes as above. moderatetolarge left pleural effusion, with adjacent airspace disease or atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2167] heart size moderately enlarged, stable mediastinal contours. opacity in the left lung base. otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly opacity in the left base atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2168] heart size moderately enlarged, stable mediastinal contours. opacity in the left lung base. otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly opacity in the left base atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2169] the cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is minimal atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is a small calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute, displaced rib fractures are demonstrated. minimal left basilar atelectasis or scar. no acute, displaced rib fractures demonstrated
[Record ID: OpenI-2170] the cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is minimal atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is a small calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute, displaced rib fractures are demonstrated. minimal left basilar atelectasis or scar. no acute, displaced rib fractures demonstrated
[Record ID: OpenI-2171] right paratracheal stripe is denser and than normal. the are normal. heart size normal. lungs clear and expanded with no infiltrates. right paratracheal mass, possibly lymphadenopathy. if there are no previous chest from elsewhere are scan with contrast be of further. dr. i discussed these findings in the department approximately hours
[Record ID: OpenI-2172] right paratracheal stripe is denser and than normal. the are normal. heart size normal. lungs clear and expanded with no infiltrates. right paratracheal mass, possibly lymphadenopathy. if there are no previous chest from elsewhere are scan with contrast be of further. dr. i discussed these findings in the department approximately hours
[Record ID: OpenI-2173] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2174] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2175] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2176] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2177] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small nodular opacity left upper lobe may represent early infiltrate. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion. small nodular opacity in left upper lung may be secondary to superimposed structures or early infiltrate. followup evaluation in 2 weeks may be helpful
[Record ID: OpenI-2178] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small nodular opacity left upper lobe may represent early infiltrate. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion. small nodular opacity in left upper lung may be secondary to superimposed structures or early infiltrate. followup evaluation in 2 weeks may be helpful
[Record ID: OpenI-2179] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. normal chest film
[Record ID: OpenI-2180] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. normal chest film
[Record ID: OpenI-2181] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is bibasal interstitial opacity and left basal platelike opacity due to discoid atelectasis andor scarring. there are emphysematous changes, particularly within the right upper lobe. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. copd. basilar probable pulmonary fibrosis and scarring. no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2182] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. calcified lymph are identified in the left infrahilar region. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute, displaced rib fractures identified. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2183] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. calcified lymph are identified in the left infrahilar region. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute, displaced rib fractures identified. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2184] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. chronic appearing interstitial marking. right upper lobe granuloma, stable the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine. chronic changes without acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-2185] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. chronic appearing interstitial marking. right upper lobe granuloma, stable the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine. chronic changes without acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-2186] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2187] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2188] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. a single cardiac defibrillator projects over the right ventricle, in stable position. there are sternotomy and surgical clips from prior cabg. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2189] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes with atelectasis. the cardiac silhouette is unchanged. there is mild to moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. thoracic spondylosis is again seen. low lung volumes with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. overall no significant interval change
[Record ID: OpenI-2190] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes with atelectasis. the cardiac silhouette is unchanged. there is mild to moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. thoracic spondylosis is again seen. low lung volumes with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. overall no significant interval change
[Record ID: OpenI-2191] dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. no evidence of acute bony abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2192] dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. no evidence of acute bony abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2193] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2194] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2195] sternotomy noted. suture material overlies the left upper lobe. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. scarring left costophrenic, unchanged. calcified granulomas noted. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2196] sternotomy noted. suture material overlies the left upper lobe. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. scarring left costophrenic, unchanged. calcified granulomas noted. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2197] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is biapical scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2198] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is biapical scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2199] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2200] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2201] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma is present in the right lung base. bibasilar bandlike opacities are present. the appearance scarring or atelectasis. evidence of previous granulomatous infection. bibasilar bandlike opacities. the appearance atelectasisscar
[Record ID: OpenI-2202] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma is present in the right lung base. bibasilar bandlike opacities are present. the appearance scarring or atelectasis. evidence of previous granulomatous infection. bibasilar bandlike opacities. the appearance atelectasisscar
[Record ID: OpenI-2203] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2204] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2205] lungs are clear. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. there are significant degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2206] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2207] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2208] the heart is slightly large. pulmonary are normal. no infiltrates. slight cardiomegaly with no failure or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-2209] the heart is slightly large. pulmonary are normal. no infiltrates. slight cardiomegaly with no failure or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-2210] on the right there is marked narrowing of the hip joint space uniformly throughout. osteophyte formation is present with some sclerosis and subchondral cyst formation vertically along the superior acetabulum and femoral head. i do not see evidence for fracture or destructive process. ap view of the femur shows no femoral destructive process or other significant abnormality. for of the left hip shows nearcomplete obliteration of the joint space with severe subchondral sclerosis and cystic formation in both the superior acetabulum and superior aspect of the femoral head. no fracture or destructive process is identified. surgical markers were in the images and left hip for the purpose of surgical planning. pa and lateral chest show the lungs to be clear. there may be some hyperinflation. no pleural effusion is identified. the heart is normal in size. there are calcified mediastinal lymph. the skeletal structures appear normal. severe arthritic changes in both hips left worse than right. possible copd but no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2211] on the right there is marked narrowing of the hip joint space uniformly throughout. osteophyte formation is present with some sclerosis and subchondral cyst formation vertically along the superior acetabulum and femoral head. i do not see evidence for fracture or destructive process. ap view of the femur shows no femoral destructive process or other significant abnormality. for of the left hip shows nearcomplete obliteration of the joint space with severe subchondral sclerosis and cystic formation in both the superior acetabulum and superior aspect of the femoral head. no fracture or destructive process is identified. surgical markers were in the images and left hip for the purpose of surgical planning. pa and lateral chest show the lungs to be clear. there may be some hyperinflation. no pleural effusion is identified. the heart is normal in size. there are calcified mediastinal lymph. the skeletal structures appear normal. severe arthritic changes in both hips left worse than right. possible copd but no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2212] no unusual findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable and within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-2213] no unusual findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable and within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-2214] heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2215] heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2216] two nodules are noted in the right measuring 13 mm and one measuring 16 mm in diameter. the smaller one appears to be within the right upper lobe and the large appears to be within the left lower lobe. no focal consolidation and no other pulmonary nodules are identified. however, if a full evaluation for lung nodules is desired consider for further evaluation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. at 2 right lung pulmonary nodules concerning forbrmetastatic disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2217] two nodules are noted in the right measuring 13 mm and one measuring 16 mm in diameter. the smaller one appears to be within the right upper lobe and the large appears to be within the left lower lobe. no focal consolidation and no other pulmonary nodules are identified. however, if a full evaluation for lung nodules is desired consider for further evaluation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. at 2 right lung pulmonary nodules concerning forbrmetastatic disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2218] the lungs are clear. a calcified granuloma is seen in the left midlung zone. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2219] the lungs are clear. a calcified granuloma is seen in the left midlung zone. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2220] in the interval, consolidation has developed in the left upper lobe. also, anterior segment opacity is present. right lung remains clear. heart size is normal. developing left upper lobe consolidation and focal atelectasis, consistent with pneumonitis
[Record ID: OpenI-2221] in the interval, consolidation has developed in the left upper lobe. also, anterior segment opacity is present. right lung remains clear. heart size is normal. developing left upper lobe consolidation and focal atelectasis, consistent with pneumonitis
[Record ID: OpenI-2222] the lungs are clear. there are calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes in the spine. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2223] the lungs are clear. there are calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes in the spine. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2224] normal heart size. aortic calcification. granulomatous nodule left midlung, stable. no acute pulmonary abnormalities. thoracic spondylosis. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2225] normal heart size. aortic calcification. granulomatous nodule left midlung, stable. no acute pulmonary abnormalities. thoracic spondylosis. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2226] cardiomegaly. interstitial opacities consistent with edema in the lower lobes. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. interstitial pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-2227] cardiomegaly. interstitial opacities consistent with edema in the lower lobes. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. interstitial pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-2228] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2229] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2230] heart size within normal limits. mediastinal contours unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is normal. right lung is clear. opacities left lung base may represent atelectasis versus scarring. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. bony structures unremarkable. atelectasis versus scar left lung base. otherwise unremarkable. for the opportunity to assist in the care of your patient. if there are any questions about this examination please., certified radiologist, at
[Record ID: OpenI-2231] heart size within normal limits. mediastinal contours unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is normal. right lung is clear. opacities left lung base may represent atelectasis versus scarring. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. bony structures unremarkable. atelectasis versus scar left lung base. otherwise unremarkable. for the opportunity to assist in the care of your patient. if there are any questions about this examination please., certified radiologist, at
[Record ID: OpenI-2232] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. postsurgical changes of esophagectomy and gastric pullthrough are stable. bibasilar air space opacities have significantly improved. the lungs remain hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic. there is no pneumothorax. stable postsurgical changes of esophagectomy with improved bibasilar airspace opacitiesatelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2233] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. postsurgical changes of esophagectomy and gastric pullthrough are stable. bibasilar air space opacities have significantly improved. the lungs remain hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic. there is no pneumothorax. stable postsurgical changes of esophagectomy with improved bibasilar airspace opacitiesatelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2234] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. overexpanded lungs suggests emphysema. no nodules masses or effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-2235] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. overexpanded lungs suggests emphysema. no nodules masses or effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-2236] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. limited lateral view, given overlapping silhouettes. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2237] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. limited lateral view, given overlapping silhouettes. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2238] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2239] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2240] normal cardiomediastinal silhouettes. mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. stable appearance of scarring at lung bases. prominent bilateral interstitial opacities are chronic in. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseous abnormality. chest radiograph. stable emphysematous changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2241] normal cardiomediastinal silhouettes. mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. stable appearance of scarring at lung bases. prominent bilateral interstitial opacities are chronic in. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseous abnormality. chest radiograph. stable emphysematous changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2242] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2243] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2244] normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. normal exam
[Record ID: OpenI-2245] normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. normal exam
[Record ID: OpenI-2246] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2247] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. scar in the right lateral midlung. adjacent focal pleural thickening is noted. chronic blunting of both lateral costophrenic. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. tortuous, ectatic thoracic aorta, unchanged. sternotomy intact. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2248] the parenchymal scar in the left lower lobe is unchanged in the interval. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart and mediastinum are normal. no change. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2249] the parenchymal scar in the left lower lobe is unchanged in the interval. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart and mediastinum are normal. no change. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2250] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2251] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2252] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2253] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2254] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2255] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2256] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there is blunting of the right lateral costophrenic sulcus which could be secondary to a small effusion versus scarring. no focal airspace consolidation or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. blunting of the right costophrenic sulcus could be secondary to a effusion versus scarring. no focal airspace consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-2257] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there is blunting of the right lateral costophrenic sulcus which could be secondary to a small effusion versus scarring. no focal airspace consolidation or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. blunting of the right costophrenic sulcus could be secondary to a effusion versus scarring. no focal airspace consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-2258] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there are diminished lung volumes with central bronchovascular crowding. minimal atelectasis versus scarring seen in the left lung base. right lung is clear. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. low lung volumes with minimal left basilar atelectasis versus scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-2259] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there are diminished lung volumes with central bronchovascular crowding. minimal atelectasis versus scarring seen in the left lung base. right lung is clear. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. low lung volumes with minimal left basilar atelectasis versus scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-2260] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidations. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2261] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidations. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2262] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2263] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2264] no findings. patchy bilateral opacities, primarily in the lung bases, whose features are most consistent with pneumonia. aspiration or edema are also possible but less. lung volumes no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-2265] no findings. heart size and mediastinal contour are stable and within normal limits allowing for rotation. pulmonary vascularity is normal.gt lung volumes are low. no focal airspace disease or effusion. expansile lesion of the right posterior 9th rib represents sequelae of known multiple myeloma
[Record ID: OpenI-2266] no findings. heart size and mediastinal contour are stable and within normal limits allowing for rotation. pulmonary vascularity is normal.gt lung volumes are low. no focal airspace disease or effusion. expansile lesion of the right posterior 9th rib represents sequelae of known multiple myeloma
[Record ID: OpenI-2267] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. sequela of prior granulomatous disease lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. degenerative changes of the spine. low volume study without acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-2268] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. sequela of prior granulomatous disease lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. degenerative changes of the spine. low volume study without acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-2269] heart size is unchanged. aortic calcification is noted. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. there are unchanged opacities throughout the lungs which represent scarring. lungs are hyperexpanded. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. stable chronic lung disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2270] heart size is unchanged. aortic calcification is noted. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. there are unchanged opacities throughout the lungs which represent scarring. lungs are hyperexpanded. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. stable chronic lung disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2271] no findings. heart size normal. central catheter tip in upper svc. lungs are clear. degenerative spur overlies the posterior inferior aspect one of the mid thoracic vertebral bodies
[Record ID: OpenI-2272] no findings. heart size normal. central catheter tip in upper svc. lungs are clear. degenerative spur overlies the posterior inferior aspect one of the mid thoracic vertebral bodies
[Record ID: OpenI-2273] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-2274] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-2275] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is mild prominence of the superior mediastinum which is somewhat lucent and reflects mediastinal and vascular structures. no focal consolidation is seen. there is no pleural effusion. hypoinflation without acute parenchymal infiltrate. mild mediastinal prominence related to superimposed and mediastinal fat
[Record ID: OpenI-2276] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is mild prominence of the superior mediastinum which is somewhat lucent and reflects mediastinal and vascular structures. no focal consolidation is seen. there is no pleural effusion. hypoinflation without acute parenchymal infiltrate. mild mediastinal prominence related to superimposed and mediastinal fat
[Record ID: OpenI-2277] there are left upper lobe opacities. lungs otherwise appear clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is as is within normal limits. no evidence of active tuberculosis. left upper lobe opacities. the appearance subsegmental atelectasis or scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-2278] there are left upper lobe opacities. lungs otherwise appear clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is as is within normal limits. no evidence of active tuberculosis. left upper lobe opacities. the appearance subsegmental atelectasis or scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-2279] the mediastinal and hilar lymph are less prominent than previously. heart size remains normal. lungs are clear. decreasing bilateral hilar adenopathy. continued clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-2280] the mediastinal and hilar lymph are less prominent than previously. heart size remains normal. lungs are clear. decreasing bilateral hilar adenopathy. continued clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-2281] heart size normal. prominent epicardial fat. lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. unremarkable examination of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2282] heart size normal. prominent epicardial fat. lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. unremarkable examination of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2283] normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal chest exam
[Record ID: OpenI-2284] normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal chest exam
[Record ID: OpenI-2285] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits the lungs are hypoinflated. there is mild increase in perihilar markings related to patients history bronchitis. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen. low lung volumes with increased lung markings particularly in the left perihilar region related to history of bronchitis. no acute infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-2286] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits the lungs are hypoinflated. there is mild increase in perihilar markings related to patients history bronchitis. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen. low lung volumes with increased lung markings particularly in the left perihilar region related to history of bronchitis. no acute infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-2287] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2288] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2289] the heart is near top normal in size with tortuosity of the aorta. the pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and normal. there are low lung volumes with opacities consistent with focal atelectasis. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes in thoracic spine and thoracic kyphosis. low lung volumes with opacities consistent with focal atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2290] the lungs are hyperaerated suggestive of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. no focal lung consolidation. no pleural effusion. no definite pneumothorax. heart is not enlarged. postsurgical changes with mediastinal clips and. copd. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2291] the lungs are hyperaerated suggestive of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. no focal lung consolidation. no pleural effusion. no definite pneumothorax. heart is not enlarged. postsurgical changes with mediastinal clips and. copd. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2292] the lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. unchanged multiple foreign bodies overlying the left clavicle and midline in the posterior soft tissues. the bony thorax is grossly intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2293] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. stable scarring in the right lung apex. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2294] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. stable scarring in the right lung apex. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2295] no findings. normal heart size. no of pleural effusions. there appears to be generalized mild interstitial changes in both lungs. similar changes appear to have been present scan focused on the abdomen. for more detailed evaluation of the lung parenchyma consider with high resolution technique. there are no of acute airspace disease. no lung masses visualized. visualized bony structures have normal appearance
[Record ID: OpenI-2296] no findings. normal heart size. no of pleural effusions. there appears to be generalized mild interstitial changes in both lungs. similar changes appear to have been present scan focused on the abdomen. for more detailed evaluation of the lung parenchyma consider with high resolution technique. there are no of acute airspace disease. no lung masses visualized. visualized bony structures have normal appearance
[Record ID: OpenI-2297] 2 images. small centrally calcified granuloma within the lateral right lung base. otherwise the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2298] 2 images. small centrally calcified granuloma within the lateral right lung base. otherwise the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2299] the heart size is enlarged. the aorta is tortuous. the pulmonary vasculature appears normal. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no bony abnormalities. cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-2300] the heart size is enlarged. the aorta is tortuous. the pulmonary vasculature appears normal. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no bony abnormalities. cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-2301] stable appearing rightsided the opacities. there is persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. stable rightsided chronic lung scarring otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2302] stable appearing rightsided the opacities. there is persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. stable rightsided chronic lung scarring otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2303] the heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. there is a moderate hiatal hernia. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no effusion or pneumothorax. stable appearance of the chest with moderate hiatal hernia. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2304] the heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. there is a moderate hiatal hernia. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no effusion or pneumothorax. stable appearance of the chest with moderate hiatal hernia. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2305] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2306] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2307] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2308] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2309] the lungs are hypoventilated. there is no focal consolidation. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. hypoventilated lungs, but no focal consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-2310] the lungs are hypoventilated. there is no focal consolidation. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. hypoventilated lungs, but no focal consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-2311] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. there are stable degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2312] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. there are stable degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2313] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2314] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2315] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no radiodense foreign bodies noted. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2316] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no radiodense foreign bodies noted. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2317] no findings. borderline heart size. aortic atherosclerosis. small volume effusions and basilar airspace disease. rightsided central catheter tip low svc. ng tube has been removed. there is mild distention of this stomach
[Record ID: OpenI-2318] no findings. borderline heart size. aortic atherosclerosis. small volume effusions and basilar airspace disease. rightsided central catheter tip low svc. ng tube has been removed. there is mild distention of this stomach
[Record ID: OpenI-2319] no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2320] no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2321] the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2322] the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2323] the heart is not enlarged. lungs are clear. no pleural effusion. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2324] the heart is not enlarged. lungs are clear. no pleural effusion. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2325] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-2326] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-2327] heart size mildly enlarged. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. sshaped spine curvature noted. cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2328] heart size mildly enlarged. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. sshaped spine curvature noted. cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2329] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2330] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2331] there is a right picc with tip overlying the right brachiocephalic vein. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. no overt pulmonary edema. there are streaky bibasilar opacities. no large pleural effusion. the right hemidiaphragm is elevated. no pneumothorax is identified. there are degenerative changes of the spine. bilateral surgical clips are noted. streaky bibasilar opacities the appearance subsegmental atelectasis. enlarged cardiac silhouette. mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm
[Record ID: OpenI-2332] there is a right picc with tip overlying the right brachiocephalic vein. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. no overt pulmonary edema. there are streaky bibasilar opacities. no large pleural effusion. the right hemidiaphragm is elevated. no pneumothorax is identified. there are degenerative changes of the spine. bilateral surgical clips are noted. streaky bibasilar opacities the appearance subsegmental atelectasis. enlarged cardiac silhouette. mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm
[Record ID: OpenI-2333] there has been interval cabg. sternotomy and cerclage appear intact. no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable, mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable in appearance. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. clear lungs. no acute chest findings. peripheral vascular disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2334] there has been interval cabg. sternotomy and cerclage appear intact. no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable, mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable in appearance. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. clear lungs. no acute chest findings. peripheral vascular disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2335] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal osteophytes of the thoracic spine. no acute, displaced rib fractures. a calcified granuloma is demonstrated in the left upper lobe. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2336] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal osteophytes of the thoracic spine. no acute, displaced rib fractures. a calcified granuloma is demonstrated in the left upper lobe. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2337] rounded 4 cm projecting retrosternally on lateral view only. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. negative for pneumoperitoneum. negative acute bone abnormality. indeterminate 4 cm opacity seen only on lateral view is of unknown clinical significance, and may be located in or on the patient. clinical correlation, with possible followup chest recommended if clinically appropriate. dr. was notified of the indeterminate rounded opacity at hours on and acknowledged receipt of the study finding
[Record ID: OpenI-2338] rounded 4 cm projecting retrosternally on lateral view only. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. negative for pneumoperitoneum. negative acute bone abnormality. indeterminate 4 cm opacity seen only on lateral view is of unknown clinical significance, and may be located in or on the patient. clinical correlation, with possible followup chest recommended if clinically appropriate. dr. was notified of the indeterminate rounded opacity at hours on and acknowledged receipt of the study finding
[Record ID: OpenI-2339] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2340] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2341] heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2342] heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2343] stable appearance of hiatal hernia. clear right lung.in the left superior lower lobe there is a 9 x 8 cm round area of density which has increased in size compared to prior chest radiograph and recommend a chest, abdomen and pelvis with contrast as this area is suspicious for potential malignancy. normal cardiac contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. round area of density measuring 9 x 8 cm in left superior lower lobe with interval increased size compared to prior imaging. recommend chest, abdomen and pelvis with contrast for further evaluation. dr. notified by the veriphy critical result notification of the left pulmonary mass and recommended followup chest, abdomen and pelvis with contrast at
[Record ID: OpenI-2344] lungs are clear bilaterally, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. calcified densities within the right paratracheal region and left perihilar region, may represent calcified granulomas. there is a round opacity measuring 2 cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum. are unremarkable. round opacity measuring 2 cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum. recommend further evaluation of this nodule with chest ct with iv contrast
[Record ID: OpenI-2345] lungs are clear bilaterally, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. calcified densities within the right paratracheal region and left perihilar region, may represent calcified granulomas. there is a round opacity measuring 2 cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum. are unremarkable. round opacity measuring 2 cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum. recommend further evaluation of this nodule with chest ct with iv contrast
[Record ID: OpenI-2346] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2347] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2348] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2349] lungs are clear. heart is normal size. trachea is midline. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2350] lungs are clear. heart is normal size. trachea is midline. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2351] no findings. heart size normal. slightly tortuous calcified aorta. no pneumothorax or effusion. no evidence of aortic transection
[Record ID: OpenI-2352] no findings. heart size normal. slightly tortuous calcified aorta. no pneumothorax or effusion. no evidence of aortic transection
[Record ID: OpenI-2353] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2354] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2355] heart size is normal. no focal consolidations. there is a 6 mm calcified granuloma at the medial right lung base. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2356] lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart and mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. bony thorax intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2357] lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart and mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. bony thorax intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2358] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. no acute bony findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2359] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. no acute bony findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2360] there is interstitial thickening bilaterally, more prominent in the bases. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. there is hyperexpansion. no infiltrates. two bullae are seen in the right upper lung. small calcified granuloma stable from prior exam. stable changes of copd
[Record ID: OpenI-2361] there is interstitial thickening bilaterally, more prominent in the bases. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. there is hyperexpansion. no infiltrates. two bullae are seen in the right upper lung. small calcified granuloma stable from prior exam. stable changes of copd
[Record ID: OpenI-2362] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2363] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2364] the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. there are surgical clips in the right axilla region. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2365] no findings. the heart size is normal. there is minimal fibronodular scarring right apex, otherwise lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-2366] no findings. the heart size is normal. there is minimal fibronodular scarring right apex, otherwise lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-2367] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2368] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2369] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2370] heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. calcified granuloma right midlung. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2371] heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. calcified granuloma right midlung. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2372] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there are opacities in both lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. calcified granuloma in the left upper lung is noted as well as right retrocardiac calcified nodule. no significant pleural effusion is seen. mild opacities with scarring no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2373] chest. a minimally displaced fracture is present on right rib the small amount of pleural fluid is deep to the fracture. no pleural air collection. both lungs clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. note of a levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. right shoulder., soft tissues, and alignment are normal. right humerus. and soft tissues are intact. chest. right 4th rib fracture. no cardiopulmonary injury. no pleural air collection. right shoulder negative. right humerus negative
[Record ID: OpenI-2374] chest. a minimally displaced fracture is present on right rib the small amount of pleural fluid is deep to the fracture. no pleural air collection. both lungs clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. note of a levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. right shoulder., soft tissues, and alignment are normal. right humerus. and soft tissues are intact. chest. right 4th rib fracture. no cardiopulmonary injury. no pleural air collection. right shoulder negative. right humerus negative
[Record ID: OpenI-2375] no change lung. opacities are present in the right lower lobe. no focal infiltrates. heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. aorta normal. findings of copd with right lung base focal atelectasis. no evidence for failure or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-2376] no change lung. opacities are present in the right lower lobe. no focal infiltrates. heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. aorta normal. findings of copd with right lung base focal atelectasis. no evidence for failure or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-2377] heart size within normal limits. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2378] heart size within normal limits. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2379] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. no focal lung consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2380] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. no focal lung consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2381] the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. there is severe kyphotic deformity of the chest involving prior fractures of thoracic vertebral bodies and the sternum. there are multiple fractures identified involving upper thoracic vertebral bodies and a single upper lumbar vertebral body. the patient is status post vertebroplasty at multiple levels. the pleural spaces appear clear. there is rightsided chest, the distal tip in the upper right atrium. mediastinal contours appear normal. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease changes of acute kyphotic deformity and of the thorax as described above
[Record ID: OpenI-2382] lung volumes are low. bibasilar consolidation and bilateral costophrenic blunting are present. heart size normal. pulmonary normal. shunt tubing traverses the entire image from top to. bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural fluid
[Record ID: OpenI-2383] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2384] no unusual findings. heart size normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-2385] no unusual findings. heart size normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-2386] pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the heart is normal in size. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2387] pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the heart is normal in size. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2388] heart size is within normal limits. trachea is midline. the lung volumes are slightly on the low side. lungs are otherwise clear without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no focal consolidations. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2389] heart size is within normal limits. trachea is midline. the lung volumes are slightly on the low side. lungs are otherwise clear without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no focal consolidations. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2390] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2391] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2392] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2393] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2394] no findings. mild cardiomegaly. densely calcified aorta. prominence of the pulmonary outflow and most indicates enlarged pulmonary arteries and raise concern for pulmonary artery hypertension. there is no overt edema. the right diaphragm is elevated, there are small right and left pleural effusions. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-2395] no findings. mild cardiomegaly. densely calcified aorta. prominence of the pulmonary outflow and most indicates enlarged pulmonary arteries and raise concern for pulmonary artery hypertension. there is no overt edema. the right diaphragm is elevated, there are small right and left pleural effusions. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-2396] cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2397] cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2398] there is 9 cm interruption of the tunneled left central venous catheter, at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. catheter tip may be within the proximal svc or azygos vein. normal heart size. left perihilar and midlung densities. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. left central venous catheter fracture at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. distal catheter tip may be within the azygos vein. similarappearing left midlung scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-2399] there is 9 cm interruption of the tunneled left central venous catheter, at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. catheter tip may be within the proximal svc or azygos vein. normal heart size. left perihilar and midlung densities. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. left central venous catheter fracture at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. distal catheter tip may be within the azygos vein. similarappearing left midlung scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-2400] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. there are calcified mediastinal perihilar pulmonary nodules consistent with sequela of old granulomatous infection. no acute lung infiltrates. aortic appear unremarkable. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2401] the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears irregular secondary to the diffuse bilateral pulmonary interstitial disease. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. calcified lymph are demonstrated in the left hilum. no focal pulmonary consolidation. diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, consistent with the patients history of known pulmonary fibrosis, with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. the thoracic spine appears intact. redemonstration of diffuse bilateral pulmonary fibrosis with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices. no focal pulmonary consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-2402] the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears irregular secondary to the diffuse bilateral pulmonary interstitial disease. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. calcified lymph are demonstrated in the left hilum. no focal pulmonary consolidation. diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, consistent with the patients history of known pulmonary fibrosis, with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. the thoracic spine appears intact. redemonstration of diffuse bilateral pulmonary fibrosis with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices. no focal pulmonary consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-2403] midline sternotomy identified. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly normal. airspace opacity in posterior segment on the lateral view. osseous structures are grossly intact. posterior airspace opacity consistent with developing infection
[Record ID: OpenI-2404] midline sternotomy identified. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly normal. airspace opacity in posterior segment on the lateral view. osseous structures are grossly intact. posterior airspace opacity consistent with developing infection
[Record ID: OpenI-2405] no unusual findings. heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal air space consolidation to suggest acute pneumonia or active tuberculous infection. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-2406] no unusual findings. heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal air space consolidation to suggest acute pneumonia or active tuberculous infection. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-2407] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. scoliosis. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-2408] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. scoliosis. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-2409] chest. heart size normal. lungs clear. unremarkable. limited technique. right elbow and forearm. no acute fracture, dislocation or joint effusion. soft tissues unremarkable. left ankle. soft tissue around ankle. there are midfoot degenerative changes and plantar calcaneal enthesophyte. ankle mortise intact. no acute fracture or dislocation. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. right elbow and forearm. no acute traumatic finding. left ankle. no acute traumatic finding. midfoot degenerative changes and calcaneal enthesopathy
[Record ID: OpenI-2410] chest. heart size normal. lungs clear. unremarkable. limited technique. right elbow and forearm. no acute fracture, dislocation or joint effusion. soft tissues unremarkable. left ankle. soft tissue around ankle. there are midfoot degenerative changes and plantar calcaneal enthesophyte. ankle mortise intact. no acute fracture or dislocation. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. right elbow and forearm. no acute traumatic finding. left ankle. no acute traumatic finding. midfoot degenerative changes and calcaneal enthesopathy
[Record ID: OpenI-2411] heart size borderline enlarged, mediastinal contours appear similar to the from, noted. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2412] heart size borderline enlarged, mediastinal contours appear similar to the from, noted. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2413] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2414] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2415] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2416] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2417] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications and mediastinum. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2418] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications and mediastinum. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2419] sternotomy and mediastinal surgical clips remain in. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified with stable appearance since exam. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis. the left lung appears clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. osteopenia. mild loss of of a mid thoracic vertebral body. minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis. otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality demonstrated
[Record ID: OpenI-2420] sternotomy and mediastinal surgical clips remain in. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified with stable appearance since exam. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis. the left lung appears clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. osteopenia. mild loss of of a mid thoracic vertebral body. minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis. otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality demonstrated
[Record ID: OpenI-2421] no unusual findings. comparison wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2422] no unusual findings. comparison wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2423] mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cervical fusion. degenerative changes of the spine and the acromioclavicular joints. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2424] mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cervical fusion. degenerative changes of the spine and the acromioclavicular joints. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2425] the lungs are clear. there is hyperinflation of the lungs. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. mild arthritic changes of the spine are present. hyperinflation consistent with copd. no acute pulmonary disease identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2426] the lungs are clear. there is hyperinflation of the lungs. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. mild arthritic changes of the spine are present. hyperinflation consistent with copd. no acute pulmonary disease identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2427] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2428] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2429] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is right greater than left biapical bullous emphysema. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2430] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is right greater than left biapical bullous emphysema. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2431] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size and contour. there is a a terminating at the caval atrial junction, without evidence of pneumothorax. there is no focal airspace disease. there are small calcified nodules in the superior segment of the right lower lobe, old granulomatous infection. there are no acute bony findings. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2432] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size and contour. there is a a terminating at the caval atrial junction, without evidence of pneumothorax. there is no focal airspace disease. there are small calcified nodules in the superior segment of the right lower lobe, old granulomatous infection. there are no acute bony findings. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2433] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2434] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2435] the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. no acute abnormality demonstrated
[Record ID: OpenI-2436] the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. no acute abnormality demonstrated
[Record ID: OpenI-2437] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged, exaggerated by epicardial fat pads. interstitium is prominent. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. there is spine spondylosis. unchanged cardiomegaly. interstitial prominence. maybe due to technical factors
[Record ID: OpenI-2438] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged, exaggerated by epicardial fat pads. interstitium is prominent. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. there is spine spondylosis. unchanged cardiomegaly. interstitial prominence. maybe due to technical factors
[Record ID: OpenI-2439] no findings. decrease illdefined mixed lucent and opaque area in the right lateral lung base with small remaining and minimal associated right lateral costophrenic blunting. no pulmonary consolidation. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable. the left costophrenic is clear. visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in and alignment. ct ratio 1233
[Record ID: OpenI-2440] there is a rounded dense opacity in the lateral left midlung zone probably the left upper lobe most suggestive of a rounded pneumonia. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. opacity representing left upper lobe pneumonia. recommend followup radiographically until cleared to ensure that there is no underlying mass
[Record ID: OpenI-2441] there is a rounded dense opacity in the lateral left midlung zone probably the left upper lobe most suggestive of a rounded pneumonia. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. opacity representing left upper lobe pneumonia. recommend followup radiographically until cleared to ensure that there is no underlying mass
[Record ID: OpenI-2442] pa and lateral views. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear. no effusions, consolidation or pneumothorax. normal chest xray
[Record ID: OpenI-2443] pa and lateral views. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear. no effusions, consolidation or pneumothorax. normal chest xray
[Record ID: OpenI-2444] normal cardiomediastinal contours. marrow pneumothorax, focal lung consolidation or pleural effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2445] normal cardiomediastinal contours. marrow pneumothorax, focal lung consolidation or pleural effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2446] heart is mildly heart enlarged. mediastinal contour normal. there is mild diffuse interstitial prominence suggestive of edema. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. degenerative changes of the the spine. findings consistent with mild congestive heart failure
[Record ID: OpenI-2447] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2448] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2449] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2450] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2451] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is tortuosity of the aorta, compatible with atherosclerosis. low lung volumes. minimal opacities within the lung bases, subsegmental atelectasis. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. low lung volume study with minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the lung bases. no acute pulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2452] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is tortuosity of the aorta, compatible with atherosclerosis. low lung volumes. minimal opacities within the lung bases, subsegmental atelectasis. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. low lung volume study with minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the lung bases. no acute pulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2453] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. chronic appearing contour deformity of the right posterolateral 7th rib again noted suggestive of old injury. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2454] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. chronic appearing contour deformity of the right posterolateral 7th rib again noted suggestive of old injury. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2455] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no cavitations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically, no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-2456] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no cavitations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically, no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-2457] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. scattered granulomas and bilateral perihilar calcified lymph. stable lingular scarring. no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2458] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. scattered granulomas and bilateral perihilar calcified lymph. stable lingular scarring. no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2459] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are mildly hyperlucent but clear. there is denser lumbar scoliosis. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2460] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are mildly hyperlucent but clear. there is denser lumbar scoliosis. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2461] there is stable scarring or atelectasis in the left midlung. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. the heart size is near the upper limits of normal. mediastinal silhouette is normal. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. tspine osteophytes are noted. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2462] there is stable scarring or atelectasis in the left midlung. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. the heart size is near the upper limits of normal. mediastinal silhouette is normal. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. tspine osteophytes are noted. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2463] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2464] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2465] the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2466] the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2467] no unusual findings. comparison,. no suspicious appearing lung nodules. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2468] no unusual findings. comparison,. no suspicious appearing lung nodules. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2469] the heart size is persistently enlarged. lung volumes are low. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2470] the heart size is persistently enlarged. lung volumes are low. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2471] mediastinal contours are normal. opacity within the right middle and lower lobes. no displacement of the or fissure. no pneumothorax. opacification of the right middle and lower lobes
[Record ID: OpenI-2472] mediastinal contours are normal. opacity within the right middle and lower lobes. no displacement of the or fissure. no pneumothorax. opacification of the right middle and lower lobes
[Record ID: OpenI-2473] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2474] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2475] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate stable, mild multilevel thoracolumbar degenerative disc disease without acute abnormality. upper abdominal midline surgical sutures are likewise stable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2476] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate stable, mild multilevel thoracolumbar degenerative disc disease without acute abnormality. upper abdominal midline surgical sutures are likewise stable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2477] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. again noted is tortuosity and unfolding of the thoracic aorta. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. bone demineralization. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2478] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. again noted is tortuosity and unfolding of the thoracic aorta. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. bone demineralization. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2479] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are wellaerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2480] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are wellaerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2481] heart size within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is mild increased airspace opacity within the right lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate.. no visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. multilevel degenerative disease of the spine. low lung volumes with airspace disease within the right lung base. followup radiographs following treatment is recommended to document resolution
[Record ID: OpenI-2482] heart size within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is mild increased airspace opacity within the right lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate.. no visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. multilevel degenerative disease of the spine. low lung volumes with airspace disease within the right lung base. followup radiographs following treatment is recommended to document resolution
[Record ID: OpenI-2483] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2484] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2485] surgical clips within the right upper quadrant. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2486] surgical clips within the right upper quadrant. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2487] normal cardiac contour. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. clear lungs bilaterally. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2488] stable appearance of previous sternotomy. stable cardiomegaly. stable mild bilateral interstitial opacities in which may represent mild pulmonary edema. no evidence of large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable cardiomegaly and mild bilateral interstitial opacities which represent mild pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-2489] stable appearance of previous sternotomy. stable cardiomegaly. stable mild bilateral interstitial opacities in which may represent mild pulmonary edema. no evidence of large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable cardiomegaly and mild bilateral interstitial opacities which represent mild pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-2490] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. low lung volumes, otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2491] the heart is normal in size. stable appearance of coronary stent. sternotomy changes are present. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2492] the heart is normal in size. stable appearance of coronary stent. sternotomy changes are present. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2493] no gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. is intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2494] lung volumes are decreased from, and there is resultant bronchovascular crowding. no evidence of focal airspace disease. no definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits given the low lung volumes. no free subdiaphragmatic air. grossly stable mild degenerative changes of the right lower thoracic spine. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2495] lung volumes are decreased from, and there is resultant bronchovascular crowding. no evidence of focal airspace disease. no definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits given the low lung volumes. no free subdiaphragmatic air. grossly stable mild degenerative changes of the right lower thoracic spine. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2496] in the interval, bibasilar interstitial infiltrates and pulmonary venous engorgement have resolved. heart size is now normal. no infiltrates. chest. resolving pulmonary interstitial edema and pulmonary venous hypertension
[Record ID: OpenI-2497] stable mild thoracic levoscoliosis. stable cardiomegaly. multiple scattered round calcific densities represent old granulomatous disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal consolidation. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stable cardiomegaly with no focal airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2498] stable mild thoracic levoscoliosis. stable cardiomegaly. multiple scattered round calcific densities represent old granulomatous disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal consolidation. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stable cardiomegaly with no focal airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2499] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2500] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2501] heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of metastatic disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2502] heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of metastatic disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2503] there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2504] there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2505] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there has been interval cabg. surgical clips are again seen in the epigastric region. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. interval cabg
[Record ID: OpenI-2506] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there has been interval cabg. surgical clips are again seen in the epigastric region. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. interval cabg
[Record ID: OpenI-2507] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. there is motion artifact on the lateral radiograph. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2508] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. there is motion artifact on the lateral radiograph. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2509] single view of chest was obtained in ap projection. limited study secondary to body habitus. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2510] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2511] heart size is normal. aorta is tortuous and ectatic. cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without evidence of fibrosis. pleural effusions or pneumothorax. endplate sclerotic changes are present in the thoracic spine. ectatic aorta. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2512] heart size is normal. aorta is tortuous and ectatic. cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without evidence of fibrosis. pleural effusions or pneumothorax. endplate sclerotic changes are present in the thoracic spine. ectatic aorta. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2513] there is a healing fracture involving the left posterolateral 7th rib. there is deformity of the 8th vertebral body. these bony lesions may be secondary to the patients known multiple myeloma. the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2514] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2515] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2516] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2517] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2518] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2519] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2520] right central venous line has been removed. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. a few bandlike opacities are present at the lateral left base. the appearance scarring or atelectasis. no focal airspace disease is seen. no discrete nodules are identified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. opacities at the lateral left base. the appearance atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2521] right central venous line has been removed. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. a few bandlike opacities are present at the lateral left base. the appearance scarring or atelectasis. no focal airspace disease is seen. no discrete nodules are identified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. opacities at the lateral left base. the appearance atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2522] normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. grossly clear lungs, without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no evidence of displaced rib fractures. normal thoracic vertebral body. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2523] normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. grossly clear lungs, without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no evidence of displaced rib fractures. normal thoracic vertebral body. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2524] no findings. vascular congestion and diffuse interstitial edema stable cardiomegaly low lung volumes
[Record ID: OpenI-2525] no findings. vascular congestion and diffuse interstitial edema stable cardiomegaly low lung volumes
[Record ID: OpenI-2526] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2527] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2528] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. mild degenerative change is seen within the midthoracic spine. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2529] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. mild degenerative change is seen within the midthoracic spine. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2530] there are low lung volumes. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2531] there are low lung volumes. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2532] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-2533] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-2534] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2535] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2536] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2537] cardiomegaly is present. there is interstitial pulmonary edema with the presence of blines. there is no pneumothorax. there is an oval, 17 mm nodular opacity projecting between the posterior left 5th and 6th ribs. there is a 10 mm nodular density projecting over the right posterior 4th rib. there is a posterior effusion. normal mediastinal silhouette. tspine osteophytes. cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema and posterior pleural effusion. 17 mm nodular opacity in the left lung and 10 mm nodular opacity in the right lung. these lesions are and could be followed up radiographically after treatment of edema, or could be further characterized with ct
[Record ID: OpenI-2538] cardiomegaly is present. there is interstitial pulmonary edema with the presence of blines. there is no pneumothorax. there is an oval, 17 mm nodular opacity projecting between the posterior left 5th and 6th ribs. there is a 10 mm nodular density projecting over the right posterior 4th rib. there is a posterior effusion. normal mediastinal silhouette. tspine osteophytes. cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema and posterior pleural effusion. 17 mm nodular opacity in the left lung and 10 mm nodular opacity in the right lung. these lesions are and could be followed up radiographically after treatment of edema, or could be further characterized with ct
[Record ID: OpenI-2539] heart size near top normal limits for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense left lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2540] heart size near top normal limits for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense left lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2541] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2542] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2543] there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic which may represent a small right pleural effusion. no focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates stable mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, and heart size within normal limits and stable. no acute osseous abnormality. there is redemonstration of mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine. old, healed left rib fractures are noted. possible small right pleural effusion, without focal consolidation or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-2544] there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic which may represent a small right pleural effusion. no focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates stable mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, and heart size within normal limits and stable. no acute osseous abnormality. there is redemonstration of mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine. old, healed left rib fractures are noted. possible small right pleural effusion, without focal consolidation or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-2545] lung volumes are low. prominent increased interstitial markings in both lungs are unchanged in the interval. bullae are present both upper lobes, right worse than left. no pleural air collections. heart size normal. chronic interstitial and bullous disease. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2546] lung volumes are low. prominent increased interstitial markings in both lungs are unchanged in the interval. bullae are present both upper lobes, right worse than left. no pleural air collections. heart size normal. chronic interstitial and bullous disease. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2547] heart size is normal lungs are clear. no edema or effusions. heart size is normal lungs are clear. no edema or effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-2548] heart size is normal lungs are clear. no edema or effusions. heart size is normal lungs are clear. no edema or effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-2549] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is mild midthoracic dextroscoliosis, with the otherwise grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2550] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is mild midthoracic dextroscoliosis, with the otherwise grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2551] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. picc line is in. the tip is in the upper right atrium. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2552] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. picc line is in. the tip is in the upper right atrium. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2553] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. low lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2554] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. low lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2555] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2556] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2557] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2558] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2559] 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2560] stable appearing bilateral calcified lymph. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal opacity. no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2561] stable appearing bilateral calcified lymph. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal opacity. no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2562] no findings. recurrent right pneumothorax, complete collapse of the right lung, near 100. righttoleft mediastinal shift is present, suggesting physiology
[Record ID: OpenI-2563] no findings. recurrent right pneumothorax, complete collapse of the right lung, near 100. righttoleft mediastinal shift is present, suggesting physiology
[Record ID: OpenI-2564] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2565] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2566] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2567] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2568] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2569] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2570] no findings. left lower lobe segment pneumonia. heart size normal. lungs otherwise clear. no effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-2571] no findings. left lower lobe segment pneumonia. heart size normal. lungs otherwise clear. no effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-2572] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process. bilateral scapula appear unremarkable
[Record ID: OpenI-2573] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process. bilateral scapula appear unremarkable
[Record ID: OpenI-2574] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2575] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2576] no unusual findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-2577] no unusual findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-2578] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is a ap duct is calcified lymph node. the aorta is unfolded. cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. low lung volumes due to exaggerated kyphosis. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. spine spondylosis. cardiomegaly. no acute pulmonary disease process
[Record ID: OpenI-2579] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2580] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2581] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2582] no findings. status post left mastectomy. heart size normal. lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-2583] no findings. status post left mastectomy. heart size normal. lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-2584] no unusual findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-2585] no unusual findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-2586] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. biapical fibronodular thickeningscarring. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. hyperexpanded lungs. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2587] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. biapical fibronodular thickeningscarring. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. hyperexpanded lungs. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2588] patchy airspace disease is noted within the right middle lobe. subtle opacities are present within the lingula as well. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart size is normal. patchy right middle lobe and lingular airspace disease compatible with multilobar pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-2589] patchy airspace disease is noted within the right middle lobe. subtle opacities are present within the lingula as well. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart size is normal. patchy right middle lobe and lingular airspace disease compatible with multilobar pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-2590] heart size and mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear. pulmonary vascularity normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. minimal degenerative changes thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2591] heart size and mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear. pulmonary vascularity normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. minimal degenerative changes thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2592] frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. there is interstitial prominence and is basilar patchy air space opacity. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. nonspecific interstitial prominence and basilar patchy airspace disease. maybe due to pulmonary fibrosis, scarring andor atelectasis. comparison with outside previous films may be useful
[Record ID: OpenI-2593] frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. there is interstitial prominence and is basilar patchy air space opacity. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. nonspecific interstitial prominence and basilar patchy airspace disease. maybe due to pulmonary fibrosis, scarring andor atelectasis. comparison with outside previous films may be useful
[Record ID: OpenI-2594] there is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. there is a focal opacity within the right upper lung. there is dense calcification of the thoracic aorta. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. right upper lobe opacity. without comparisons, this may represent a focal area of infectionpneumonia. however, correlation should be for possible tuberculosis exposure as tuberculosis infection could have this appearance. if discordant from clinical suspicion, or does not resolve on follow up imaging, consider further evaluation with scan. enlargement of the cardiac silhouette
[Record ID: OpenI-2595] there is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. there is a focal opacity within the right upper lung. there is dense calcification of the thoracic aorta. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. right upper lobe opacity. without comparisons, this may represent a focal area of infectionpneumonia. however, correlation should be for possible tuberculosis exposure as tuberculosis infection could have this appearance. if discordant from clinical suspicion, or does not resolve on follow up imaging, consider further evaluation with scan. enlargement of the cardiac silhouette
[Record ID: OpenI-2596] patient is status post cabg. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma is noted. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2597] patient is status post cabg. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma is noted. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2598] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. sternotomy changes are again noted. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. there is no pleural effusion. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2599] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. sternotomy changes are again noted. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. there is no pleural effusion. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2600] no findings. normal heart size. scarring in the left lung base. otherwise, clear lungs. reconstructed right clavicle
[Record ID: OpenI-2601] there is mild cardiomegaly and tortuous aorta. mildly low lung volumes. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the are intact and without acute osseous abnormality. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2602] heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are grossly intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2603] heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are grossly intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2604] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2605] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2606] normal heart. clear lungs. trachea midline. scoliosis of lower thoracic spine. degenerative changes of thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2607] normal heart. clear lungs. trachea midline. scoliosis of lower thoracic spine. degenerative changes of thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2608] there are no acute osseous abnormalities. there are surgical clips in the right upper abdomen, from cholecystectomy. normal heart size. normal hilar vascular markings. the lungs are grossly clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. no evidence of active tb
[Record ID: OpenI-2609] there are no acute osseous abnormalities. there are surgical clips in the right upper abdomen, from cholecystectomy. normal heart size. normal hilar vascular markings. the lungs are grossly clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. no evidence of active tb
[Record ID: OpenI-2610] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2611] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2612] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2613] surgical at the distal left clavicle. no acute osseous abnormality. soft tissue structures are within normal limits. stable normal cardio mediastinal silhouettes and hilar structures. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2614] surgical at the distal left clavicle. no acute osseous abnormality. soft tissue structures are within normal limits. stable normal cardio mediastinal silhouettes and hilar structures. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2615] heart size within normal limits. small, nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. this does not look like an acute infiltrate, and more represents a granuloma. no pneumothorax or effusions. no acute findings, no evidence for active tb
[Record ID: OpenI-2616] heart size within normal limits. small, nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. this does not look like an acute infiltrate, and more represents a granuloma. no pneumothorax or effusions. no acute findings, no evidence for active tb
[Record ID: OpenI-2617] heart is mildly enlarged stable. mediastinal contour is normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. stable mild cardiomegaly. hyperexpanded but clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-2618] heart is mildly enlarged stable. mediastinal contour is normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. stable mild cardiomegaly. hyperexpanded but clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-2619] there are no acute osseous abnormalities. degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. normal heart size. calcific aorta. normal vascular markings. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2620] there are no acute osseous abnormalities. degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. normal heart size. calcific aorta. normal vascular markings. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2621] the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. surgical clips and suture material are noted in the right hilar region suggesting prior lung surgery. the mediastinal contours are stable. no acute cardiopulmonary disease no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. no evidence of disease recurrence
[Record ID: OpenI-2622] the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. surgical clips and suture material are noted in the right hilar region suggesting prior lung surgery. the mediastinal contours are stable. no acute cardiopulmonary disease no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. no evidence of disease recurrence
[Record ID: OpenI-2623] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. innumerable bilateral nodules are identified, most of which appear calcified on examination. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion. lingular scarring andor atelectasis. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2624] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. innumerable bilateral nodules are identified, most of which appear calcified on examination. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion. lingular scarring andor atelectasis. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2625] heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2626] heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2627] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2628] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2629] cardiomediastinal size and contour is grossly normal for ap technique. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute, displaced fractures are demonstrated. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2630] cardiomediastinal size and contour is grossly normal for ap technique. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute, displaced fractures are demonstrated. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2631] the cardiac contours are normal. calcified tortuous thoracic aorta. emphysema. mild apical scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-2632] the cardiac contours are normal. calcified tortuous thoracic aorta. emphysema. mild apical scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-2633] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2634] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2635] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no abnormal airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2636] right a tip overlies the mid svc. similar bronchiectatic changes with diffuse patchy airspace opacities. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. similar exam with changes of cystic fibrosis. no focal abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2637] no findings. heart size normal. lungs clear. calcified 5 mm right midlung granuloma
[Record ID: OpenI-2638] no findings. heart size normal. lungs clear. calcified 5 mm right midlung granuloma
[Record ID: OpenI-2639] there is hyperexpansion of lungs and flattening of the diaphragm consistent with copd. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is a kyphosis and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. no displaced rib fractures. no focal lung consolidation. copd. no displaced fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-2640] there is hyperexpansion of lungs and flattening of the diaphragm consistent with copd. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is a kyphosis and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. no displaced rib fractures. no focal lung consolidation. copd. no displaced fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-2641] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is minimal atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2642] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is minimal atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2643] the heart is normal in size. there is bihilar prominence. the lungs are clear. bihilar prominence may be secondary mild lymphoid enlargement. followup chest versus further imaging may be indicated. correlation with prior films would be helpful if available
[Record ID: OpenI-2644] the heart is normal in size. there is bihilar prominence. the lungs are clear. bihilar prominence may be secondary mild lymphoid enlargement. followup chest versus further imaging may be indicated. correlation with prior films would be helpful if available
[Record ID: OpenI-2645] patient is rotated. mild cardiomegaly. low lung volumes with elevated hemidiaphragms, greater on the right. this is identified on a thoracic study from as well. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. no focal infiltrate. cardiomegaly with elevated right hemidiaphragms and no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2646] patient is rotated. mild cardiomegaly. low lung volumes with elevated hemidiaphragms, greater on the right. this is identified on a thoracic study from as well. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. no focal infiltrate. cardiomegaly with elevated right hemidiaphragms and no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2647] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2648] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2649] there is moderate cardiomegaly. there are bilateral interstitial opacities, increased since the previous exam. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. moderate cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion early interstitial edema
[Record ID: OpenI-2650] there is moderate cardiomegaly. there are bilateral interstitial opacities, increased since the previous exam. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. moderate cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion early interstitial edema
[Record ID: OpenI-2651] heart size remains slightly large. aorta remains tortuous. pulmonary remain normal. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. continued slight cardiomegaly with no evidence for failure or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-2652] heart size remains slightly large. aorta remains tortuous. pulmonary remain normal. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. continued slight cardiomegaly with no evidence for failure or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-2653] stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, surgical clips and cabg markers. stable densities in the left base compatible with scarring or chronic subsegmental atelectasis. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2654] stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, surgical clips and cabg markers. stable densities in the left base compatible with scarring or chronic subsegmental atelectasis. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2655] the aortic, cardiac apex, and stomach are leftsided. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is significantly enlarged. pulmonary vascular markings centrally are within normal limits and symmetric. increased interstitial markings bilaterally at the lung bases. this may be related to chronic interstitial changes or edema. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. marked cardiomegaly. increased interstitial markings in the lower lungs, edema versus chronic interstitial changes
[Record ID: OpenI-2656] the aortic, cardiac apex, and stomach are leftsided. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is significantly enlarged. pulmonary vascular markings centrally are within normal limits and symmetric. increased interstitial markings bilaterally at the lung bases. this may be related to chronic interstitial changes or edema. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. marked cardiomegaly. increased interstitial markings in the lower lungs, edema versus chronic interstitial changes
[Record ID: OpenI-2657] heart size within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal consolidations. no pleural effusions. bony structures are intact. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2658] heart size within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal consolidations. no pleural effusions. bony structures are intact. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2659] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2660] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2661] lumbar and are low. no infiltrates. heart size normal. a large hiatal hernia is present. an ageindeterminate fracture is present in the lower thoracic vertebra. scoliosis is present in the thoracic and thoracolumbar spine. no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2662] lumbar and are low. no infiltrates. heart size normal. a large hiatal hernia is present. an ageindeterminate fracture is present in the lower thoracic vertebra. scoliosis is present in the thoracic and thoracolumbar spine. no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2663] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2664] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2665] cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. there is improved lung volumes bilaterally with persistent bibasilar atelectatic opacities, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. no acute bony abnormality identified. improving lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2666] cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. there is improved lung volumes bilaterally with persistent bibasilar atelectatic opacities, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. no acute bony abnormality identified. improving lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2667] cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size for ap technique. lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there are no acute bony findings. mildly hypoinflated, grossly clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-2668] cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size for ap technique. lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there are no acute bony findings. mildly hypoinflated, grossly clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-2669] there is a left basilar airspace opacity. right basilar atelectasis. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. there is a left basilar airspace opacity, which is concerning for pneumonia. right basilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2670] there is a left basilar airspace opacity. right basilar atelectasis. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. there is a left basilar airspace opacity, which is concerning for pneumonia. right basilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2671] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. elevated right diaphragm, unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-2672] lordotic projection and large body habitus. limited mediastinal evaluation. severe cardiomegaly. no visualized pneumothorax. no large effusion or airspace disease. no fracture. severe cardiomegaly. limited mediastinal evaluation given body habitus and lordotic projection. recommend for further evaluation of mediastinum given tspine injury noted on cspine imaging. critical result notification documented through primordial
[Record ID: OpenI-2673] lordotic projection and large body habitus. limited mediastinal evaluation. severe cardiomegaly. no visualized pneumothorax. no large effusion or airspace disease. no fracture. severe cardiomegaly. limited mediastinal evaluation given body habitus and lordotic projection. recommend for further evaluation of mediastinum given tspine injury noted on cspine imaging. critical result notification documented through primordial
[Record ID: OpenI-2674] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma are present. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2675] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma are present. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2676] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2677] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2678] no findings. heart size is normal. no nodules, masses, or adenopathy. calcified right paratracheal and right hilar lymph unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-2679] no findings. heart size is normal. no nodules, masses, or adenopathy. calcified right paratracheal and right hilar lymph unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-2680] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild dextro curvature of the lower thoracic spine, this may be positional. visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2681] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild dextro curvature of the lower thoracic spine, this may be positional. visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2682] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2683] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2684] the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. stable calcified granuloma in the left upper lung. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2685] the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. stable calcified granuloma in the left upper lung. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2686] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. scattered calcified granulomas noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2687] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. scattered calcified granulomas noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2688] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony abnormality is identified. there is slightly increased opacity of the right base compared to the left which may minimal right basilar airspace disease, in the right middle lobe. the left lung is clear. no pneumothorax or effusion identified. minimal right basilar airspace disease, right middle lobe
[Record ID: OpenI-2689] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony abnormality is identified. there is slightly increased opacity of the right base compared to the left which may minimal right basilar airspace disease, in the right middle lobe. the left lung is clear. no pneumothorax or effusion identified. minimal right basilar airspace disease, right middle lobe
[Record ID: OpenI-2690] normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no hyperexpansion of the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2691] normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no hyperexpansion of the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2692] there is mild cardiomegaly, similar to prior exams. no focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable mild cardiomegaly. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2693] there is mild cardiomegaly, similar to prior exams. no focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable mild cardiomegaly. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2694] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2695] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2696] the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. patchy right lower lung opacification is noted. right basilar airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2697] the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. patchy right lower lung opacification is noted. right basilar airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2698] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-2699] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-2700] right middle lobe opacity is present. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. right middle lobe opacity which may represent a focal area of consolidation or atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2701] right middle lobe opacity is present. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. right middle lobe opacity which may represent a focal area of consolidation or atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2702] lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. calcified right upper lobe granuloma unchanged from prior. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vascularity. bony thorax intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2703] lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. calcified right upper lobe granuloma unchanged from prior. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vascularity. bony thorax intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2704] chest the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. thoracic spine mild dextro curvature the upper thoracic spine. evaluation of the upper thoracic bodies is limited secondary to osseous overlap. vertebral body and disc spaces are maintained. mild degenerative endplate changes. lumbar spine there are 5 nonribbearing lumbar type vertebral bodies. alignment is within normal limits. vertebral body and disc spaces are maintained. mild degenerative change without acute displaced fracture or dislocation. moderate amount of stool. chest. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. thoracic spine. mild degenerative change without acute bony abnormality. lumbar spine. mild degenerative change without acute bony abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2705] chest the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. thoracic spine mild dextro curvature the upper thoracic spine. evaluation of the upper thoracic bodies is limited secondary to osseous overlap. vertebral body and disc spaces are maintained. mild degenerative endplate changes. lumbar spine there are 5 nonribbearing lumbar type vertebral bodies. alignment is within normal limits. vertebral body and disc spaces are maintained. mild degenerative change without acute displaced fracture or dislocation. moderate amount of stool. chest. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. thoracic spine. mild degenerative change without acute bony abnormality. lumbar spine. mild degenerative change without acute bony abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2706] there are a few small nodular opacities in the left lung, seen on the frontal view overlying the left 6th posterior rib. lungs otherwise appear clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no overt pulmonary edema. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. few small nodular opacities in the left upper lung. these small nodules are relatively dense, suggestive of chronic granulomatous disease. comparison with an chest radiograph would be helpful to establish stability
[Record ID: OpenI-2707] there are a few small nodular opacities in the left lung, seen on the frontal view overlying the left 6th posterior rib. lungs otherwise appear clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no overt pulmonary edema. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. few small nodular opacities in the left upper lung. these small nodules are relatively dense, suggestive of chronic granulomatous disease. comparison with an chest radiograph would be helpful to establish stability
[Record ID: OpenI-2708] moderate sized right loculated pleural effusion with right lower lobe atelectasis. normal cardiac contour with atherosclerotic changes throughout the aorta. clear left lung. moderate right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-2709] moderate sized right loculated pleural effusion with right lower lobe atelectasis. normal cardiac contour with atherosclerotic changes throughout the aorta. clear left lung. moderate right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-2710] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. there has been apparent interval increase in low density convexity at the left cardiophrenic. calcified granuloma is again seen in the right upper lobe. there is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. increased size of density in the left cardiophrenic. primary differential considerations include increased size of prominent epicardial fat, pericardial mass, pleural mass or cardiac aneurysm. ct chest with contrast is recommended. these findings and recommendations were discussed. by dr. telephone at p.m.. dr. technologist receipt of the results
[Record ID: OpenI-2711] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. there has been apparent interval increase in low density convexity at the left cardiophrenic. calcified granuloma is again seen in the right upper lobe. there is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. increased size of density in the left cardiophrenic. primary differential considerations include increased size of prominent epicardial fat, pericardial mass, pleural mass or cardiac aneurysm. ct chest with contrast is recommended. these findings and recommendations were discussed. by dr. telephone at p.m.. dr. technologist receipt of the results
[Record ID: OpenI-2712] heart size within normal limits. prominent right perihilar density consistent with lymphadenopathy, previously partially demonstrated abdomen and pelvis,. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. tips noted. no acute abnormality of the chest. right hilar prominence, corresponding to lymphadenopathy partially demonstrated abdomen and pelvis,. consider of the chest for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-2713] heart size within normal limits. prominent right perihilar density consistent with lymphadenopathy, previously partially demonstrated abdomen and pelvis,. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. tips noted. no acute abnormality of the chest. right hilar prominence, corresponding to lymphadenopathy partially demonstrated abdomen and pelvis,. consider of the chest for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-2714] no findings. prominent hiatal hernia as before. anticipated senescent changes of mediastinum. opacity seen on lateral involving both right middle lobe and lingula compatible with some bronchiectasis and chronic inflammatory change. there may be some chronic indolent infection here associated with some chronic consolidation. perhaps some slight progression, but overall change since prior examination. on lateral view, the posterior lung bases are grossly clear. no effusions or chf
[Record ID: OpenI-2715] no findings. prominent hiatal hernia as before. anticipated senescent changes of mediastinum. opacity seen on lateral involving both right middle lobe and lingula compatible with some bronchiectasis and chronic inflammatory change. there may be some chronic indolent infection here associated with some chronic consolidation. perhaps some slight progression, but overall change since prior examination. on lateral view, the posterior lung bases are grossly clear. no effusions or chf
[Record ID: OpenI-2716] the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. patchy opacities are demonstrated in the left lung base. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. patchy left basilar subsegmental atelectasis, infiltrates andor small left pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-2717] the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. patchy opacities are demonstrated in the left lung base. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. patchy left basilar subsegmental atelectasis, infiltrates andor small left pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-2718] no findings. heart size normal. emphysema. biapical scarring and fibrosis unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-2719] no findings. heart size normal. emphysema. biapical scarring and fibrosis unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-2720] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. sternotomy and surgical clips are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there is a background of marked centrilobular emphysema. streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis or scarring. there is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or significant interval change
[Record ID: OpenI-2721] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. sternotomy and surgical clips are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there is a background of marked centrilobular emphysema. streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis or scarring. there is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or significant interval change
[Record ID: OpenI-2722] heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2723] heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2724] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic atherosclerosis. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative. no significant change from
[Record ID: OpenI-2725] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic atherosclerosis. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative. no significant change from
[Record ID: OpenI-2726] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2727] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2728] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. duallumen right ij catheter is identified without pneumothorax. the lungs are moderately hypoinflated with bibasilar opacities adjacent atelectasis. there is illdefined density overlying the anterior left 5th rib, possibly healing deformity versus superimposition of structures. moderate hypoinflation with associated bibasilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2729] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. duallumen right ij catheter is identified without pneumothorax. the lungs are moderately hypoinflated with bibasilar opacities adjacent atelectasis. there is illdefined density overlying the anterior left 5th rib, possibly healing deformity versus superimposition of structures. moderate hypoinflation with associated bibasilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2730] frontal and lateral views. the cardiac silhouette is on the upper limits normal for size. interstitial opacities are persistent at both lung bases. calcified granulomas are also identified. compared to the previous ct scan, there has been no significant interval change. no developing airspace opacity, or pneumothorax. stable groundglass and interstitial markings at the lung bases. overall this is not to represent a significant change from
[Record ID: OpenI-2731] cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. no visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2732] the aortic, cardiac apex, and stomach are leftsided. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2733] the aortic, cardiac apex, and stomach are leftsided. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2734] lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2735] lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2736] the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or infiltrates. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is a leftsided tunneled catheter, the distal tip at the mid superior level. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2737] the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or infiltrates. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is a leftsided tunneled catheter, the distal tip at the mid superior level. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2738] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there is a 9 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule, not seen on prior exams. there are posttraumatic deformities of the right posterior ribs. no focal airspace consolidation or effusion. no pneumothorax. right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. for better characterization. no acute pulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2739] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there is a 9 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule, not seen on prior exams. there are posttraumatic deformities of the right posterior ribs. no focal airspace consolidation or effusion. no pneumothorax. right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. for better characterization. no acute pulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2740] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative
[Record ID: OpenI-2741] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative
[Record ID: OpenI-2742] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. tracheostomy tip approximately 5 cm above the carina. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2743] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. tracheostomy tip approximately 5 cm above the carina. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2744] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no effusions or fibrosis
[Record ID: OpenI-2745] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no effusions or fibrosis
[Record ID: OpenI-2746] heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. the trachea and pulmonary bronchi are unremarkable. normal chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-2747] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limbus vertebra noted within the partial visualized lumbar vertebral body. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2748] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limbus vertebra noted within the partial visualized lumbar vertebral body. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2749] the heart is mildly enlarged. the mediastinal contours are stable. the lungs are clear. mild stable cardiomegaly, no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2750] the heart is mildly enlarged. the mediastinal contours are stable. the lungs are clear. mild stable cardiomegaly, no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2751] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2752] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2753] the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2754] the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2755] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2756] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2757] no acute osseous abnormality. soft tissues are within normal limits. borderline enlargement of the heart. normal hilar vasculature. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2758] no acute osseous abnormality. soft tissues are within normal limits. borderline enlargement of the heart. normal hilar vasculature. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2759] no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no free subdiaphragmatic air. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2760] no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no free subdiaphragmatic air. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2761] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-2762] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-2763] the lungs are clear. there is hyperinflation of the lungs. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. copd. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2764] the lungs are clear. there is hyperinflation of the lungs. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. copd. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2765] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2766] cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2767] cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2768] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. multilevel degenerative changes are seen throughout the thoracic spine. anchors over the left humeral head. there is mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint osteoarthritis. visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable in appearance. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2769] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. multilevel degenerative changes are seen throughout the thoracic spine. anchors over the left humeral head. there is mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint osteoarthritis. visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable in appearance. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2770] heart size and vascularity normal. mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2771] heart size and vascularity normal. mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2772] low lung volumes with bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. no focal consolidations, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2773] low lung volumes with bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. no focal consolidations, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2774] the cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. the lungs are wellinflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are seen. no radiopaque foreign bodies are present. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. negative examination of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2775] the cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. the lungs are wellinflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are seen. no radiopaque foreign bodies are present. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. negative examination of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2776] no findings. stable normal heart size. calcified aorta. eventration right diaphragm. scarring in the pulmonary apices. no acute findings. thoracic spondylosis
[Record ID: OpenI-2777] no findings. stable normal heart size. calcified aorta. eventration right diaphragm. scarring in the pulmonary apices. no acute findings. thoracic spondylosis
[Record ID: OpenI-2778] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. a hiatal hernia is present that is unchanged from the prior study. are grossly unremarkable. clear lungs. stable hiatal hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-2779] no findings. no pneumonia. heart size normal. scoliosis
[Record ID: OpenI-2780] the lungs are hyperinflated with mildly coarsened interstitial markings consistent with chronic lung disease. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. the mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size. there is redemonstration without significant change in right hilar calcified lymph. the bony structures of the thorax demonstrate degenerative changes of the right shoulder and a right humerus consistent with distal humeral amputation. no acute bony abnormality identified. changes of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2781] the lungs are hyperinflated with mildly coarsened interstitial markings consistent with chronic lung disease. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. the mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size. there is redemonstration without significant change in right hilar calcified lymph. the bony structures of the thorax demonstrate degenerative changes of the right shoulder and a right humerus consistent with distal humeral amputation. no acute bony abnormality identified. changes of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2782] the heart is again enlarged. aorta is tortuous. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. stable cardiomegaly without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2783] the heart is again enlarged. aorta is tortuous. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. stable cardiomegaly without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2784] mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal normal width. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are wellaerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. scarring or atelectasis right midlung. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. scarring or atelectasis right midlung. mild cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-2785] mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal normal width. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are wellaerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. scarring or atelectasis right midlung. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. scarring or atelectasis right midlung. mild cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-2786] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. opacities in the right lower lung representing atelectasis versus scarring. significantly decreased subcutaneous soft tissue since comparison radiograph. probable pectus deformity. negative for acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. hyperlucent lungs, related to cachexia and probable pectus excavatum deformity
[Record ID: OpenI-2787] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. opacities in the right lower lung representing atelectasis versus scarring. significantly decreased subcutaneous soft tissue since comparison radiograph. probable pectus deformity. negative for acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. hyperlucent lungs, related to cachexia and probable pectus excavatum deformity
[Record ID: OpenI-2788] no findings. heart size normal. calcified right hilar lymph. lungs are clear. no edema or effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-2789] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2790] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2791] no acute osseous abnormality. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is stable enlargement of the heart. no focus of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2792] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2793] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2794] the heart size is within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute abnormality. dextroscoliosis of thoracic spine unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-2795] the heart size is within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute abnormality. dextroscoliosis of thoracic spine unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-2796] the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-2797] the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-2798] no findings. marked increase in heart size. cardiomegaly. question pericardial effusion. stable 5 cm nodule left mid chest, a granuloma. lungs are clear. no effusion. stable left hilar lymphadenopathy
[Record ID: OpenI-2799] no findings. marked increase in heart size. cardiomegaly. question pericardial effusion. stable 5 cm nodule left mid chest, a granuloma. lungs are clear. no effusion. stable left hilar lymphadenopathy
[Record ID: OpenI-2800] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2801] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2802] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2803] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2804] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. biapical fibronodular pleural thickeningscarring. there is a like deformity of the anterior cortex of the body lateral view. negative for retrosternal density. prior cholecystectomy. critical result notification documented through primordial. buckling deformity of the anterior cortex of the body. fracture is possible, if high energy was localized to this region. correlate with focal tenderness. chest, if warranted
[Record ID: OpenI-2805] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. biapical fibronodular pleural thickeningscarring. there is a like deformity of the anterior cortex of the body lateral view. negative for retrosternal density. prior cholecystectomy. critical result notification documented through primordial. buckling deformity of the anterior cortex of the body. fracture is possible, if high energy was localized to this region. correlate with focal tenderness. chest, if warranted
[Record ID: OpenI-2806] lungs are clear. heart size normal. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-2807] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-2808] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-2809] apparent scarring within the lingula. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. apparent scarring within the lingula, otherwise unremarkable
[Record ID: OpenI-2810] apparent scarring within the lingula. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. apparent scarring within the lingula, otherwise unremarkable
[Record ID: OpenI-2811] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. there are extensive fibrotic changes in the right lung with rightward shift of the trachea, similar to the previous exam. the left lung is wellaerated without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. there is left apical pleuralparenchymal scarring. no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. extensive fibrotic changes of the right lung, similar to the previous exam
[Record ID: OpenI-2812] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. there are extensive fibrotic changes in the right lung with rightward shift of the trachea, similar to the previous exam. the left lung is wellaerated without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. there is left apical pleuralparenchymal scarring. no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. extensive fibrotic changes of the right lung, similar to the previous exam
[Record ID: OpenI-2813] no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2814] no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2815] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there is a small calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2816] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there is a small calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2817] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2818] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2819] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate left upper lobe airspace disease most pneumonia. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. left upper lobe pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-2820] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate left upper lobe airspace disease most pneumonia. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. left upper lobe pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-2821] no findings. heart size normal. mediastinal silhouettes and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. calcified lingular granuloma. no focal consolidations or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. breast implants there is a moderate wedge deformity of the midthoracic vertebrae, t6, ageindeterminate
[Record ID: OpenI-2822] no findings. heart size normal. mediastinal silhouettes and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. calcified lingular granuloma. no focal consolidations or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. breast implants there is a moderate wedge deformity of the midthoracic vertebrae, t6, ageindeterminate
[Record ID: OpenI-2823] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2824] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2825] there is sshaped thoracolumbar scoliosis. there are tspine osteophytes. opacity in the left lower lobe represents atelectasis or scarring. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is no lobar pneumonia. there are calcified hilar lymph. opacity in left lung base represents atelectasis or scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-2826] there is sshaped thoracolumbar scoliosis. there are tspine osteophytes. opacity in the left lower lobe represents atelectasis or scarring. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is no lobar pneumonia. there are calcified hilar lymph. opacity in left lung base represents atelectasis or scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-2827] the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2828] the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2829] frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there are scattered nodular opacities, calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. probable previous granulomatous disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2830] frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there are scattered nodular opacities, calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. probable previous granulomatous disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2831] lungs are hyperexpanded bilaterally, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2832] lungs are hyperexpanded bilaterally, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2833] cardiomediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. clear lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild ageindeterminate anterior wedging of a lower thoracic or upper lumbar vertebra on lateral view. leftsided rib deformities consistent with old fractures. mild degenerative changes about the thoracolumbar junction. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. ageindeterminate mild anterior wedge deformity of a lower thoracic or upper lumbar vertebra. correlate for focal tenderness and with prior imaging, if possible
[Record ID: OpenI-2834] no findings. no residual right pleural effusion identified status post thoracentesis. no pneumothorax. mediastinum, cardiac size grossly stable. small to moderate leftsided pleural effusion, increased compared to prior chest radiograph. left lung base atelectasisairspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2835] no findings. no residual right pleural effusion identified status post thoracentesis. no pneumothorax. mediastinum, cardiac size grossly stable. small to moderate leftsided pleural effusion, increased compared to prior chest radiograph. left lung base atelectasisairspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2836] the heart is mildly enlarged. the aorta is atherosclerotic and ectatic. chronic parenchymal changes are noted with mild scarring andor subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base. no focal consolidation or significant pleural effusion identified. costophrenic are blunted. borderline cardiomegaly and mild chronic changes. no acute infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-2837] the heart is mildly enlarged. the aorta is atherosclerotic and ectatic. chronic parenchymal changes are noted with mild scarring andor subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base. no focal consolidation or significant pleural effusion identified. costophrenic are blunted. borderline cardiomegaly and mild chronic changes. no acute infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-2838] pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. old right rib fractures. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2839] pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. old right rib fractures. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2840] no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2841] no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2842] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic calcifications. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated with increased peripheral lung markings noted predominantly in the right upper and lower lung. there is no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion. mild eventration of left hemidiaphragm is noted. scattered opacities may be secondary to scarring and underlying emphysematous changes versus mild interstitial lung disease. no acute infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-2843] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic calcifications. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated with increased peripheral lung markings noted predominantly in the right upper and lower lung. there is no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion. mild eventration of left hemidiaphragm is noted. scattered opacities may be secondary to scarring and underlying emphysematous changes versus mild interstitial lung disease. no acute infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-2844] heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. there is a small right pleural effusion. there is infrahilar interstitial prominence which may represent bronchovascular crowding lung. small left pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. small bilateral pleural effusions and right infrahilar infiltrate versus bronchovascular crowding
[Record ID: OpenI-2845] heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. there is a small right pleural effusion. there is infrahilar interstitial prominence which may represent bronchovascular crowding lung. small left pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. small bilateral pleural effusions and right infrahilar infiltrate versus bronchovascular crowding
[Record ID: OpenI-2846] no findings. bilateral enlargement of the, lymphadenopathy. consider correlation with a of the chest. sarcoidosis would be a consideration, less lymphoproliferative lymphoma
[Record ID: OpenI-2847] no findings. bilateral enlargement of the, lymphadenopathy. consider correlation with a of the chest. sarcoidosis would be a consideration, less lymphoproliferative lymphoma
[Record ID: OpenI-2848] stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis, again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes. stable prominent ovoid opacity 3 x 8 a large left upper lobe, reflecting a superimposed aspergillomaas more readily demonstrated on the previous ct chest study from. no areas of alveolar airspace consolidation are identified. no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis, again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes. stable suspected superimposed left upper lobe aspergilloma as more readily demonstrated on the previous ct chest study from
[Record ID: OpenI-2849] stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis, again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes. stable prominent ovoid opacity 3 x 8 a large left upper lobe, reflecting a superimposed aspergillomaas more readily demonstrated on the previous ct chest study from. no areas of alveolar airspace consolidation are identified. no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis, again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes. stable suspected superimposed left upper lobe aspergilloma as more readily demonstrated on the previous ct chest study from
[Record ID: OpenI-2850] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2851] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2852] the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. there is minimal patchy right lower lobe airspace disease identified. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. patchy right lower lobe airspace disease may be due to atelectasis or infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-2853] the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. there is minimal patchy right lower lobe airspace disease identified. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. patchy right lower lobe airspace disease may be due to atelectasis or infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-2854] this examination is somewhat limited secondary to obscuration of the bilateral posterior costophrenic sulci on the lateral view. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. limited chest radiograph examination without demonstration of an acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2855] this examination is somewhat limited secondary to obscuration of the bilateral posterior costophrenic sulci on the lateral view. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. limited chest radiograph examination without demonstration of an acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2856] right a is in. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. some prominent perihilar opacities are present. some vague small nodular opacities are present in the right upper lung zone. these are slightly more prominent than on the previous study. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. perihilar opacities which may represent changes due to bronchiectasis. vague nodular opacities in the right lung zone may represent dilated bronchi filled with mucous or possibly focal areas of peribronchial pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-2857] right a is in. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. some prominent perihilar opacities are present. some vague small nodular opacities are present in the right upper lung zone. these are slightly more prominent than on the previous study. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. perihilar opacities which may represent changes due to bronchiectasis. vague nodular opacities in the right lung zone may represent dilated bronchi filled with mucous or possibly focal areas of peribronchial pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-2858] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. calcified left coronary arteries noted. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. calcified left coronary arteries noted
[Record ID: OpenI-2859] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. calcified left coronary arteries noted. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. calcified left coronary arteries noted
[Record ID: OpenI-2860] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there is a cardiac with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. there are atherosclerotic calcifications. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2861] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2862] no gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. is intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2863] no gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. is intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2864] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no abnormal airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2865] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no abnormal airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2866] no findings. further fibrosis and collapse of the left upper lobe with left apical pleural thickening. no evidence of recurrence. heart size normal. no effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-2867] no findings. further fibrosis and collapse of the left upper lobe with left apical pleural thickening. no evidence of recurrence. heart size normal. no effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-2868] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2869] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2870] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2871] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2872] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the right chest tip is visualized in the mid svc. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2873] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the right chest tip is visualized in the mid svc. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2874] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2875] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2876] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2877] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2878] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2879] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2880] no findings. heart size and mediastinal contour normal. there is mild diffuse interstitial prominence, worse in the right lung base. this has developed in the interval, and may represent atypical pneumonia. more focal right base airspace disease may represent scar given the stability over time. no lobar consolidation or effusion. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-2881] no findings. heart size and mediastinal contour normal. there is mild diffuse interstitial prominence, worse in the right lung base. this has developed in the interval, and may represent atypical pneumonia. more focal right base airspace disease may represent scar given the stability over time. no lobar consolidation or effusion. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-2882] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. right apical pleural retraction. hyperexpansion, flattening of diaphragms, and increased ap diameter consistent with history of copd. degenerative disease of the thoracic spine is present. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2883] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. right apical pleural retraction. hyperexpansion, flattening of diaphragms, and increased ap diameter consistent with history of copd. degenerative disease of the thoracic spine is present. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2884] no unusual findings. ap lateral view soft tissue neck. no subglottic edema or prevertebral soft tissue. slight rotation of the patients head limits evaluation of the epiglottis which is normal in size and caliber. pa and lateral views of the chest. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2885] no unusual findings. ap lateral view soft tissue neck. no subglottic edema or prevertebral soft tissue. slight rotation of the patients head limits evaluation of the epiglottis which is normal in size and caliber. pa and lateral views of the chest. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2886] heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2887] heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2888] lucency crosses the 10th left posterior rib. visualized portions of the thoracic spine are unremarkable. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. question of posterior 10 rib fracture, correlate with tenderness
[Record ID: OpenI-2889] lucency crosses the 10th left posterior rib. visualized portions of the thoracic spine are unremarkable. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. question of posterior 10 rib fracture, correlate with tenderness
[Record ID: OpenI-2890] the heart is not enlarged. the bilateral pulmonary arteries appear enlarged. the lungs are hyperexpanded the hemidiaphragms are flattened. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. pulmonary emphysema. large bilateral pulmonary arteries suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. no suspicious nodules or are identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2891] the heart is not enlarged. the bilateral pulmonary arteries appear enlarged. the lungs are hyperexpanded the hemidiaphragms are flattened. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. pulmonary emphysema. large bilateral pulmonary arteries suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. no suspicious nodules or are identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2892] streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities, triangular density projected over the heart on the lateral view. no definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size. bibasilar opacities, right greater than left, features suggest a combination of consolidation and atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2893] streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities, triangular density projected over the heart on the lateral view. no definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size. bibasilar opacities, right greater than left, features suggest a combination of consolidation and atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-2894] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. left axillary surgical clips. bony structures are intact. no active pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2895] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. left axillary surgical clips. bony structures are intact. no active pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2896] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-2897] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-2898] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-2899] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-2900] the heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a moderate sized hiatal hernia. there mild degenerative changes of the spine. cardiomegaly and hiatal hernia without an acute abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2901] the heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a moderate sized hiatal hernia. there mild degenerative changes of the spine. cardiomegaly and hiatal hernia without an acute abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2902] 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2903] 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2904] lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules identified. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-2905] lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules identified. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-2906] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are small calcified granulomata in the right lateral lung. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2907] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are small calcified granulomata in the right lateral lung. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2908] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2909] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2910] no unusual findings. heart size is normal in the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-2911] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2912] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2913] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2914] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2915] pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. tracheostomy tube. probable mild cardiomegaly. prominence of the central vasculature, unchanged. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. stable mild cardiomegaly. prominent central vasculature
[Record ID: OpenI-2916] pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. tracheostomy tube. probable mild cardiomegaly. prominence of the central vasculature, unchanged. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. stable mild cardiomegaly. prominent central vasculature
[Record ID: OpenI-2917] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2918] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2919] no findings. right apical scarring as before. right midlung granuloma. no suspicious appearing nodules identified. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2920] no findings. right apical scarring as before. right midlung granuloma. no suspicious appearing nodules identified. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-2921] normal heart size. normal mediastinal contour. no pneumothorax, airspace consolidation, or pleural effusion. no chest. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiothoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2922] normal heart size. normal mediastinal contour. no pneumothorax, airspace consolidation, or pleural effusion. no chest. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiothoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2923] no findings. suboptimal inspiration with mild bibasilar hypoventilation and some subsegmental atelectasis within right middle lobe. otherwise clear lungs with no acute airspace disease seen. no effusions. stable and unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-2924] no findings. suboptimal inspiration with mild bibasilar hypoventilation and some subsegmental atelectasis within right middle lobe. otherwise clear lungs with no acute airspace disease seen. no effusions. stable and unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-2925] the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. there is minimal left basilar atelectasis. there are small bilateral pulmonary nodules measure approximately 5 mm in size in the right midlung and left upper lung. these are not well appreciated on the lateral projection. no focal pulmonary consolidation or effusion. minimal left basilar atelectasis. bilateral pulmonary nodules. these were not present on the prior study and may represent sequela of infection, but could represent neoplastic process. correlation with history of primary malignancy is recommended. further evaluation of the thorax could be performed, if clinically indicated
[Record ID: OpenI-2926] the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. there is minimal left basilar atelectasis. there are small bilateral pulmonary nodules measure approximately 5 mm in size in the right midlung and left upper lung. these are not well appreciated on the lateral projection. no focal pulmonary consolidation or effusion. minimal left basilar atelectasis. bilateral pulmonary nodules. these were not present on the prior study and may represent sequela of infection, but could represent neoplastic process. correlation with history of primary malignancy is recommended. further evaluation of the thorax could be performed, if clinically indicated
[Record ID: OpenI-2927] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. in the left lung base, there is a 9 mm nodule that not definitively calcified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary process. 9 mm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule not definitively calcified. recommend comparison with prior images to document stability. if none are available consider nonemergent chest for further characterization
[Record ID: OpenI-2928] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. in the left lung base, there is a 9 mm nodule that not definitively calcified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary process. 9 mm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule not definitively calcified. recommend comparison with prior images to document stability. if none are available consider nonemergent chest for further characterization
[Record ID: OpenI-2929] the the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear with no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. deformity of multiple left anterior ribs are present from previous fractures. lumbar scoliosis is noted. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2930] the the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear with no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. deformity of multiple left anterior ribs are present from previous fractures. lumbar scoliosis is noted. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2931] normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2932] normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2933] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2934] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-2935] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2936] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2937] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is a scoliosis of the thoracic spine. the ribs, as visualized, appear unremarkable. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2938] heart size and mediastinal contours appear normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2939] heart size and mediastinal contours appear normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2940] no findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusions seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-2941] no findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusions seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-2942] the lungs are hyperexpanded. heart size normal. no mass or focal opacities seen. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process. emphysematous changes in the lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-2943] no findings. heart size is normal. scattered right hilar granulomas and calcified 8mm right apical granuloma. resolution of right effusion and infiltrate. stable chronic blunting of the lateral left costophrenic
[Record ID: OpenI-2944] no findings. heart size is normal. scattered right hilar granulomas and calcified 8mm right apical granuloma. resolution of right effusion and infiltrate. stable chronic blunting of the lateral left costophrenic
[Record ID: OpenI-2945] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-2946] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, coronary artery stent artifact, and clips suggest cabg. mediastinal and hilar calcifications indicate a previous granulomatous process. stable hyperinflation, bilateral upper lobe pleuroparenchymal near and nodular irregularities, right greater than left, opacities in the peripheral right lung most compatible with scarring. no abnormal pulmonary opacities, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. osseous demineralization, stable appearance of t9 and t12 fractures. chronic changes as described, no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2947] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, coronary artery stent artifact, and clips suggest cabg. mediastinal and hilar calcifications indicate a previous granulomatous process. stable hyperinflation, bilateral upper lobe pleuroparenchymal near and nodular irregularities, right greater than left, opacities in the peripheral right lung most compatible with scarring. no abnormal pulmonary opacities, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. osseous demineralization, stable appearance of t9 and t12 fractures. chronic changes as described, no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2948] no findings. decreasing lung volumes. probable bilateral pleural effusions and elevation of both hemidiaphragms
[Record ID: OpenI-2949] no findings. decreasing lung volumes. probable bilateral pleural effusions and elevation of both hemidiaphragms
[Record ID: OpenI-2950] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2951] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2952] normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no suspicious focal air space opacity. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2953] normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no suspicious focal air space opacity. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2954] there is a left base opacity. the right lung is grossly clear. heart size is normal. left venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. there is no pneumothorax. left base airspace disease. left venous catheter with tip in the right atrium
[Record ID: OpenI-2955] there is a left base opacity. the right lung is grossly clear. heart size is normal. left venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. there is no pneumothorax. left base airspace disease. left venous catheter with tip in the right atrium
[Record ID: OpenI-2956] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear. bilateral breast prostheses are noted. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2957] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear. bilateral breast prostheses are noted. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2958] normal cardiac contour. stable calcified granuloma left upper lobe. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. clear lungs bilaterally. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2959] normal cardiac contour. stable calcified granuloma left upper lobe. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. clear lungs bilaterally. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2960] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2961] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2962] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. there is subphrenic intraperitoneal extraluminal free. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. pneumoperitoneum, attributed to the patients recent abdominal surgery
[Record ID: OpenI-2963] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. there is subphrenic intraperitoneal extraluminal free. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. pneumoperitoneum, attributed to the patients recent abdominal surgery
[Record ID: OpenI-2964] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2965] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2966] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2967] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2968] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2969] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-2970] no unusual findings. heart upper limits normal. lungs are clear. no effusions. no nodules masses or infiltrates. no bony abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2971] no unusual findings. heart upper limits normal. lungs are clear. no effusions. no nodules masses or infiltrates. no bony abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2972] no unusual findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no effusion, nodules, adenopathy, or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-2973] no unusual findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no effusion, nodules, adenopathy, or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-2974] the heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. the are normal in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-2975] the heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. the are normal in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-2976] moderate cardiomegaly. bibasilar and perihilar interstitial opacities. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-2977] moderate cardiomegaly. bibasilar and perihilar interstitial opacities. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-2978] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2979] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2980] a calcified granuloma is present in the right costophrenic. lungs are otherwise clear. heart size normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2981] a calcified granuloma is present in the right costophrenic. lungs are otherwise clear. heart size normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2982] borderline cardiomegaly, at partially accentuated by low lung volumes. right upper lobe calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. low lung volumes, otherwise clear
[Record ID: OpenI-2983] there is stable, mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. stable mediastinal silhouette. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. scattered opacities in the right lung base representing foci of subsegmental atelectasis with scattered airspace opacities in the medial left lower lobe. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine possibly consistent with dish. low lung volumes with mild cardiomegaly and scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis and scattered retrocardiac airspace opacities
[Record ID: OpenI-2984] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. there is incompletely evaluated lumbar levoscoliosis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2985] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. there is incompletely evaluated lumbar levoscoliosis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2986] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2987] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-2988] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2989] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-2990] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are small round calcific density nodules consistent with prior granulomatous disease bilaterally. otherwise, the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there are no masses seen. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2991] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are small round calcific density nodules consistent with prior granulomatous disease bilaterally. otherwise, the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there are no masses seen. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-2992] the lungs are clear. there are multiple surgical seen near the apical regions and lower cervical region bilaterally. the heart and mediastinum are normal. there is a screw in the right shoulder. the soft tissues are normal. no active disease. there are numerous small surgical clips seen overlying the upper thorax bilaterally and the lower cervical region of uncertain significance
[Record ID: OpenI-2993] the lungs are clear. there are multiple surgical seen near the apical regions and lower cervical region bilaterally. the heart and mediastinum are normal. there is a screw in the right shoulder. the soft tissues are normal. no active disease. there are numerous small surgical clips seen overlying the upper thorax bilaterally and the lower cervical region of uncertain significance
[Record ID: OpenI-2994] heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2995] heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2996] postoperative changes are present in the left fifth rib. residual radiopaque sutures are also present in the left upper lobe. the lungs are clear with no infiltrates or masses. heart and mediastinum are normal. postoperative left upper lobe. no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2997] postoperative changes are present in the left fifth rib. residual radiopaque sutures are also present in the left upper lobe. the lungs are clear with no infiltrates or masses. heart and mediastinum are normal. postoperative left upper lobe. no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-2998] rotated examination. tortuous aorta. moderate rightsided pleural effusion, small left sided. no pneumothorax. mixed nodular interstitial opacities distributed through bilateral lungs, right greater than left. cardiomediastinal silhouette is mildly enlarged. obliquely oriented left humeral neck fracture, transverse, with 5 mm displacement of the distal fragment. limited evaluation of the aorto iliac stent. no cavitary lesion to suggest. active tuberculosis. large hiatal hernia. moderate rightsided pleural effusion. no cavitary lung changes to suggest active tuberculosis. the airspace opacities in right upper lobe seen on chest are not visualized on this study which could be due to difference in technique and patient rotation. cardiomegaly with prominent aorta which may be accentuated due to ap view. left humerus fracture
[Record ID: OpenI-2999] rotated examination. tortuous aorta. moderate rightsided pleural effusion, small left sided. no pneumothorax. mixed nodular interstitial opacities distributed through bilateral lungs, right greater than left. cardiomediastinal silhouette is mildly enlarged. obliquely oriented left humeral neck fracture, transverse, with 5 mm displacement of the distal fragment. limited evaluation of the aorto iliac stent. no cavitary lesion to suggest. active tuberculosis. large hiatal hernia. moderate rightsided pleural effusion. no cavitary lung changes to suggest active tuberculosis. the airspace opacities in right upper lobe seen on chest are not visualized on this study which could be due to difference in technique and patient rotation. cardiomegaly with prominent aorta which may be accentuated due to ap view. left humerus fracture
[Record ID: OpenI-3000] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. mild bibasilar opacities, atelectasis. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. stable degenerative change throughout the thoracic spine. stable thoracolumbar retrolisthesis. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3001] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. mild bibasilar opacities, atelectasis. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. stable degenerative change throughout the thoracic spine. stable thoracolumbar retrolisthesis. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3002] the lungs remain hyperexpanded. no infiltrates or masses. heart and mediastinum are normal. change copd with no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3003] the lungs remain hyperexpanded. no infiltrates or masses. heart and mediastinum are normal. change copd with no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3004] the lungs are hyperexpanded. there are stable scattered bilateral opacities, most notable in the left upper lobe, scarring. no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are degenerative changes of the spine. no acute findings. emphysema. scattered of scarring, most notably in the left upper lobe
[Record ID: OpenI-3005] the lungs are hyperexpanded. there are stable scattered bilateral opacities, most notable in the left upper lobe, scarring. no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are degenerative changes of the spine. no acute findings. emphysema. scattered of scarring, most notably in the left upper lobe
[Record ID: OpenI-3006] no unusual findings. heart size is upper limits normal and lungs are clear. no pneumonia, edema, or effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-3007] no unusual findings. heart size is upper limits normal and lungs are clear. no pneumonia, edema, or effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-3008] stable left lower lung increased interstitial markings. no focal alveolar opacities. low lung volumes. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. stable left lower lung interstitial infiltrates or fibrosis. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3009] lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. numerous calcifications are again noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal. clear lungs with heart size upper limits of normal
[Record ID: OpenI-3010] lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. numerous calcifications are again noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal. clear lungs with heart size upper limits of normal
[Record ID: OpenI-3011] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3012] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3013] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3014] heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3015] heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3016] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3017] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3018] the examination consists of supine and crosstable lateral radiographs of the chest. external monitor leads the thorax. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute thoracic
[Record ID: OpenI-3019] the examination consists of supine and crosstable lateral radiographs of the chest. external monitor leads the thorax. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute thoracic
[Record ID: OpenI-3020] stable appearance of the left upper lung lobe with scarring, volume loss, and pleural thickening. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits normal appearance, similar to prior. volume loss in the left lung, stable. right lung is clear. there is no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild scarring at the right apex. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the left upper lobe
[Record ID: OpenI-3021] stable appearance of the left upper lung lobe with scarring, volume loss, and pleural thickening. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits normal appearance, similar to prior. volume loss in the left lung, stable. right lung is clear. there is no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild scarring at the right apex. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the left upper lobe
[Record ID: OpenI-3022] calcified lymph in both. amount of focal atelectasis posterior to the left heart. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or large focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. focal atelectasis to the left lung, posterior to the heart
[Record ID: OpenI-3023] calcified lymph in both. amount of focal atelectasis posterior to the left heart. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or large focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. focal atelectasis to the left lung, posterior to the heart
[Record ID: OpenI-3024] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. tubular densities overlying the heart are coronary artery stents. there are small round calcific densities in the bilateral lobes which are unchanged from prior exam and represent sequelae from old granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3025] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. tubular densities overlying the heart are coronary artery stents. there are small round calcific densities in the bilateral lobes which are unchanged from prior exam and represent sequelae from old granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3026] there are biapical opacities, possibly scarring. lungs otherwise appear clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. rightsided chest catheter tip is at the lower svc. several right axillary surgical clips are noted. there are postoperative changes of right mastectomy. no acute findings. biapical opacities, scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-3027] low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3028] low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3029] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. lungs are hyperlucent and hyperexpanded. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. stable chronic lung changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3030] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. lungs are hyperlucent and hyperexpanded. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. stable chronic lung changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3031] no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. soft tissues are within normal limits. normal heart size. stable elevation right hemidiaphragm compared to exam on. bilateral hilar lymph. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. bibasilar atelectasis. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3032] the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there multilevel degenerative changes of thoracic spine. emphysema, however no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-3033] the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there multilevel degenerative changes of thoracic spine. emphysema, however no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-3034] the heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact, with mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-3035] cardiac silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern within normal limits. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pulmonary edema. no pleural effusion. osseous structures within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3036] cardiac silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern within normal limits. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pulmonary edema. no pleural effusion. osseous structures within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3037] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3038] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3039] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is a thin right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. there is extensive subcutaneous emphysema in the right chest wall and neck. there are fractures of the right anterior 5th through 9th anterior ribs with mild displacement. additional fractures cannot entirely be excluded. there is mild streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. left lung is clear. there is a small hiatal hernia. there is an intrathecal catheter terminating in the lower thoracic spine. right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. multiple rightsided rib fractures involving at the right anterior 5th through 9th ribs with mild displacement. mild right basilar airspace disease, atelectasis versus contusion
[Record ID: OpenI-3040] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is a thin right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. there is extensive subcutaneous emphysema in the right chest wall and neck. there are fractures of the right anterior 5th through 9th anterior ribs with mild displacement. additional fractures cannot entirely be excluded. there is mild streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. left lung is clear. there is a small hiatal hernia. there is an intrathecal catheter terminating in the lower thoracic spine. right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. multiple rightsided rib fractures involving at the right anterior 5th through 9th ribs with mild displacement. mild right basilar airspace disease, atelectasis versus contusion
[Record ID: OpenI-3041] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there has been sternotomy. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3042] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there has been sternotomy. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3043] no findings. interstitial and alveolar opacities most confluent in the left perihilar lung may be compatible with infection, differential diagnosis includes atypical pulmonary edema, inflammation. no definite pleural effusion seen. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with near top normal heart size. aeration of the left perihilar lung may be slightly improved compared with the image from
[Record ID: OpenI-3044] no findings. interstitial and alveolar opacities most confluent in the left perihilar lung may be compatible with infection, differential diagnosis includes atypical pulmonary edema, inflammation. no definite pleural effusion seen. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with near top normal heart size. aeration of the left perihilar lung may be slightly improved compared with the image from
[Record ID: OpenI-3045] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. there are multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3046] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. there are multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3047] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3048] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3049] the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are grossly clear. bilateral rib deformities are noted, possibly old fractures. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3050] the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are grossly clear. bilateral rib deformities are noted, possibly old fractures. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3051] stable left chest cardiac generator with 2 distal leads in right atrium and right ventricle. heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. emphysema. stable calcified granulomas. bony structures appear intact. emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3052] stable left chest cardiac generator with 2 distal leads in right atrium and right ventricle. heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. emphysema. stable calcified granulomas. bony structures appear intact. emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3053] heart size within normal limits. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3054] heart size within normal limits. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3055] there is an irregular opacity projecting over the left apex. additionally there is a more inferior left upper lobe opacity measuring approximately 6 mm in diameter. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. heart size is normal limits. degenerative changes thoracic spine. left upper lobe opacities, cannot exclude mass lesions. recommend ct chest for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-3056] chest. the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. left knee. the right total knee prosthesis remains in. the medial compartment is markedly narrow. large osteophytes are present on the left femur and tibial lateral plateaus. chest. no active disease. the knee. advanced degenerative joint disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3057] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the chest is in satisfactory position. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3058] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the chest is in satisfactory position. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3059] no findings. bilateral calcified granulomas. no acute airspace disease. no effusions. heart size upper limits of normal. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-3060] no findings. bilateral calcified granulomas. no acute airspace disease. no effusions. heart size upper limits of normal. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-3061] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3062] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3063] the trachea is midline. the heart is large, unchanged from prior exam. slightly widened mediastinum, secondary to cardiomegaly and a tortuous aorta, is accentuated by ap portable technique. there are low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. the lungs do not demonstrate focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. low volume study without acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3064] the trachea is midline. the heart is large, unchanged from prior exam. slightly widened mediastinum, secondary to cardiomegaly and a tortuous aorta, is accentuated by ap portable technique. there are low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. the lungs do not demonstrate focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. low volume study without acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3065] the previously seen rightsided picc has been removed. the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3066] the previously seen rightsided picc has been removed. the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3067] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is degenerative changes of the skeletal structures. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3068] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is degenerative changes of the skeletal structures. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3069] the heart is enlarged. the mediastinal contours are stable. large hiatal hernia is identified containing stomach and colon. questionable small bowel loops are also visualized inthe large hernia. there is adjacent compressive atelectasis. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. stable appearance of large hiatal hernia containing stomach and large bowel as well as possible small bowel loops
[Record ID: OpenI-3070] the heart is enlarged. the mediastinal contours are stable. large hiatal hernia is identified containing stomach and colon. questionable small bowel loops are also visualized inthe large hernia. there is adjacent compressive atelectasis. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. stable appearance of large hiatal hernia containing stomach and large bowel as well as possible small bowel loops
[Record ID: OpenI-3071] lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vascularity. bony thorax intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3072] lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vascularity. bony thorax intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3073] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small nodule seen in the left upper lung, possibly granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear. no acute disease. left lung nodule. correlate with prior films if available. if none are available, followup imaging in 6 months is suggested
[Record ID: OpenI-3074] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small nodule seen in the left upper lung, possibly granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear. no acute disease. left lung nodule. correlate with prior films if available. if none are available, followup imaging in 6 months is suggested
[Record ID: OpenI-3075] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3076] lobulated right middle lobe mass measuring 5 x 8 cm, increased in size compared to prior study, most compatible with neoplasm. otherwise, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. interval enlargement of right middle lobe mass, highly suspicious for malignancy. recommend ct of the chestabdomen with intravenous contrast for further evaluation. otherwise clear lungs. dr. notified of the critical results at on, by telephone and acknowledged receipt of these results
[Record ID: OpenI-3077] lobulated right middle lobe mass measuring 5 x 8 cm, increased in size compared to prior study, most compatible with neoplasm. otherwise, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. interval enlargement of right middle lobe mass, highly suspicious for malignancy. recommend ct of the chestabdomen with intravenous contrast for further evaluation. otherwise clear lungs. dr. notified of the critical results at on, by telephone and acknowledged receipt of these results
[Record ID: OpenI-3078] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3079] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3080] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3081] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3082] no findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. very mild sshaped curvature of the thoracic spine. no displaced, acute fractures are identified
[Record ID: OpenI-3083] no findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. very mild sshaped curvature of the thoracic spine. no displaced, acute fractures are identified
[Record ID: OpenI-3084] interval performance of anterior cervical spinal fusion, intact without complicating features. there is stable cardiomegaly, with persistent bibasilar opacities atelectasis andor infiltrate. no focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or pleural effusions. the visualized osseous structures demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine, without acute osseous abnormality. stable cardiomegaly and persistent minimal bibasilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-3085] interval performance of anterior cervical spinal fusion, intact without complicating features. there is stable cardiomegaly, with persistent bibasilar opacities atelectasis andor infiltrate. no focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or pleural effusions. the visualized osseous structures demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine, without acute osseous abnormality. stable cardiomegaly and persistent minimal bibasilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-3086] there is mild streakiness in the right base. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. calcified granulomatous disease noted. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. osseous structures intact. mild streakiness, subsegmental atelectasis versus early infiltrate right lower lobe
[Record ID: OpenI-3087] there is mild streakiness in the right base. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. calcified granulomatous disease noted. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. osseous structures intact. mild streakiness, subsegmental atelectasis versus early infiltrate right lower lobe
[Record ID: OpenI-3088] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3089] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3090] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is a opacity in the left lingula. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. low lung volumes. opacity in the lingula is favored to represent prominent pericardial fat, but lingular atelectasis or infiltrate cannot be ruled out
[Record ID: OpenI-3091] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is a opacity in the left lingula. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. low lung volumes. opacity in the lingula is favored to represent prominent pericardial fat, but lingular atelectasis or infiltrate cannot be ruled out
[Record ID: OpenI-3092] there is interval placement of a on the left chest with the catheter tip in the cavoatrial junction. the heart size is within normal limits. lung volumes within normal limits. slightly prominent pulmonary vascularity noted. increased peribronchial cuffing. no large consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. there is subpleural edema outlining the right fissure. stable and adequately placed. prominent pulmonary vasculature, subpleural edema, and peribronchial cuffing suggestive of volume overload versus viral bronchiolitis
[Record ID: OpenI-3093] there is interval placement of a on the left chest with the catheter tip in the cavoatrial junction. the heart size is within normal limits. lung volumes within normal limits. slightly prominent pulmonary vascularity noted. increased peribronchial cuffing. no large consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. there is subpleural edema outlining the right fissure. stable and adequately placed. prominent pulmonary vasculature, subpleural edema, and peribronchial cuffing suggestive of volume overload versus viral bronchiolitis
[Record ID: OpenI-3094] the heart size is normal. tortuous aorta. calcifications are seen within the aortic. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. stable calcified granuloma within the lingula. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3095] no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mildly prominent perihilar opacities, due to bronchovascular crowding. heart size within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is. the bony structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3096] no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mildly prominent perihilar opacities, due to bronchovascular crowding. heart size within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is. the bony structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3097] normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3098] normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3099] no findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. minimal blunting of the lateral sulci bilaterally reflects pleural thickening or scarring, no dependent pleural fluid posteriorly. minimal right base subsegmental atelectasis. no lobar consolidation. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-3100] no findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. minimal blunting of the lateral sulci bilaterally reflects pleural thickening or scarring, no dependent pleural fluid posteriorly. minimal right base subsegmental atelectasis. no lobar consolidation. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-3101] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. pectus carinatum is noted. calcified lymph and granuloma are noted. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. mild deformity is noted in the lower thoracic spine. no evidence of active disease. evidence of previous granulomatous infection. pectus carinatum
[Record ID: OpenI-3102] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. pectus carinatum is noted. calcified lymph and granuloma are noted. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. mild deformity is noted in the lower thoracic spine. no evidence of active disease. evidence of previous granulomatous infection. pectus carinatum
[Record ID: OpenI-3103] no change in the appearance of the left upper lobectomy. left parahilar scar is unchanged. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size remains normal. stable chest. no evidence for recurrence or metastasis
[Record ID: OpenI-3104] mediport catheter seen on the right with the tip in the mid svc. the lungs appear to be clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3105] mediport catheter seen on the right with the tip in the mid svc. the lungs appear to be clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3106] borderline enlarged heart. pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. possible right shoulder calcific tendinitis. calcifications of the abdominal aorta are seen. borderline enlarged heart without acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3107] borderline enlarged heart. pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. possible right shoulder calcific tendinitis. calcifications of the abdominal aorta are seen. borderline enlarged heart without acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3108] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-3109] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-3110] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3111] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3112] heart size moderately enlarged, stable mediastinal contours. lateral view curvilinear densities over the heart suggestive of coronary artery stents. diaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3113] heart size moderately enlarged, stable mediastinal contours. lateral view curvilinear densities over the heart suggestive of coronary artery stents. diaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3114] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3115] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3116] heart size borderline enlarged. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense nodule in the right lower lobe suggests a previous granulomatous process. borderline heart size, no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3117] heart size borderline enlarged. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense nodule in the right lower lobe suggests a previous granulomatous process. borderline heart size, no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3118] lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. no focal airspace consolidation. mildly hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of obstructive lung disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3119] lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. no focal airspace consolidation. mildly hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of obstructive lung disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3120] no unusual findings. heart size near top normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-3121] no unusual findings. heart size near top normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-3122] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3123] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3124] lungs are clear. a calcified small granuloma is present in the left lower lobe. heart size normal. mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3125] lungs are clear. a calcified small granuloma is present in the left lower lobe. heart size normal. mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3126] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3127] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3128] no findings. borderline heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. elevated right diaphragm. prominent hilar contours bilaterally. no acute pulmonary consolidation or pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-3129] no findings. borderline heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. elevated right diaphragm. prominent hilar contours bilaterally. no acute pulmonary consolidation or pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-3130] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. again identified are numerous calcified mediastinal lymph as well as large calcifications within the left upper and left lower lobes. these appear similar to the patients previous chest ct and are the sequela of prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. evidence of prior granulomatous disease, stable. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3131] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. again identified are numerous calcified mediastinal lymph as well as large calcifications within the left upper and left lower lobes. these appear similar to the patients previous chest ct and are the sequela of prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. evidence of prior granulomatous disease, stable. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3132] heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3133] heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3134] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3135] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left upper extremity pic catheter tip overlies the distal aspect of the left clavicle within the subclavian vein. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated but clear. deformity of the lateral left 6th rib, old injury. no acute disease. left upper extremity pic catheter tip within left subclavian vein. findings communicated primordial
[Record ID: OpenI-3136] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left upper extremity pic catheter tip overlies the distal aspect of the left clavicle within the subclavian vein. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated but clear. deformity of the lateral left 6th rib, old injury. no acute disease. left upper extremity pic catheter tip within left subclavian vein. findings communicated primordial
[Record ID: OpenI-3137] no findings. no heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. bilateral nipple shadows seen overlying the anterior 6th ribs. minimal fibrosis in the right apex, may be due to radiation treatment
[Record ID: OpenI-3138] no findings. no heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. bilateral nipple shadows seen overlying the anterior 6th ribs. minimal fibrosis in the right apex, may be due to radiation treatment
[Record ID: OpenI-3139] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3140] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3141] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3142] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3143] heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3144] heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3145] stable chronic appearing left basilar opacities. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures appear intact. degenerative changes of the visualized thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3146] stable chronic appearing left basilar opacities. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures appear intact. degenerative changes of the visualized thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3147] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3148] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3149] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. the aorta is tortuous, but the heart and mediastinum otherwise normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3150] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. the aorta is tortuous, but the heart and mediastinum otherwise normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3151] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3152] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3153] low lung volumes. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. low lung volumes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3154] low lung volumes. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. low lung volumes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3155] there is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. lungs otherwise are believed to be clear. the heart is normal. there are calcified left hilar and mediastinal lymph. the skeletal structures show some senescent changes. old granulomatous disease. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3156] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. there is a stable the electronic device any left anterior chest wall. there are advanced degenerative changes in the bilaterally. there is a 38 mm lucency in the right humeral head with geographic 1a margins. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lucent lesion with thin sclerotic margin in the right humeral head. considering the associated degenerative changes, a large geode is most. if further imaging is desired, dedicated views of the shoulder may be helpful for further characterization
[Record ID: OpenI-3157] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. there is a stable the electronic device any left anterior chest wall. there are advanced degenerative changes in the bilaterally. there is a 38 mm lucency in the right humeral head with geographic 1a margins. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lucent lesion with thin sclerotic margin in the right humeral head. considering the associated degenerative changes, a large geode is most. if further imaging is desired, dedicated views of the shoulder may be helpful for further characterization
[Record ID: OpenI-3158] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. fractures of the posterior left 4th, 5th, and 6th ribs, ageindeterminate. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. specifically, no pneumothorax. fractures of the posterior left 4th, 5th, and 6th ribs, ageindeterminate
[Record ID: OpenI-3159] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. fractures of the posterior left 4th, 5th, and 6th ribs, ageindeterminate. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. specifically, no pneumothorax. fractures of the posterior left 4th, 5th, and 6th ribs, ageindeterminate
[Record ID: OpenI-3160] cardiomegaly is present. the upper lobe pulmonary vascularity appears mildly prominent consistent with pulmonary venous hypertension. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. bony changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted. cardiomegaly and mild vascular prominence. no evidence of acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3161] cardiomegaly is present. the upper lobe pulmonary vascularity appears mildly prominent consistent with pulmonary venous hypertension. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. bony changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted. cardiomegaly and mild vascular prominence. no evidence of acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3162] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in the small calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3163] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in the small calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3164] there are sternotomy and mediastinal surgical clips secondary to a cabg procedure. small tspine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are cholecystectomy clips. there is eventration of right hemidiaphragm. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3165] there are sternotomy and mediastinal surgical clips secondary to a cabg procedure. small tspine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are cholecystectomy clips. there is eventration of right hemidiaphragm. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3166] heart size is upper limits of normal. aorta is tortuous. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there is a posterior basilar opacity seen on lateral representing subsegmental atelectasis, visualized on lateral view. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. scoliosis of the spine. posterior basilar opacity representing subsegmental atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3167] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is prominent with calcification within the aorta. azygos lobe is noted. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes noted in the spine. prominent transverse aorta. otherwise clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3168] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is prominent with calcification within the aorta. azygos lobe is noted. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes noted in the spine. prominent transverse aorta. otherwise clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3169] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is a focal area of scarring or atelectasis identified in the lingula. the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. focal area of scarring or atelectasis within the lingula. no acute pulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3170] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is a focal area of scarring or atelectasis identified in the lingula. the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. focal area of scarring or atelectasis within the lingula. no acute pulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3171] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the previously visualized bilateral pneumothoraces have resolved. right chest wall surgical have been removed. there is improved aeration in the lung bases with mild residual opacities compatible with scarring or atelectasis. mild opacities compatible with residual atelectasisscarring
[Record ID: OpenI-3172] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the previously visualized bilateral pneumothoraces have resolved. right chest wall surgical have been removed. there is improved aeration in the lung bases with mild residual opacities compatible with scarring or atelectasis. mild opacities compatible with residual atelectasisscarring
[Record ID: OpenI-3173] no findings. heart size is normal. stable dilated slightly tortuous aorta. lungs are clear. no edema or effusions. no nodules, masses, or adenopathy
[Record ID: OpenI-3174] no findings. heart size is normal. stable dilated slightly tortuous aorta. lungs are clear. no edema or effusions. no nodules, masses, or adenopathy
[Record ID: OpenI-3175] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. normal chest film
[Record ID: OpenI-3176] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. normal chest film
[Record ID: OpenI-3177] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no evidence of active pulmonary pneumonia on todays exam
[Record ID: OpenI-3178] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no evidence of active pulmonary pneumonia on todays exam
[Record ID: OpenI-3179] there are postoperative changes of sternotomy. there is cardiomegaly. the contour of the ascending aorta is prominent, consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm. the lungs appear clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no acute pulmonary abnormality demonstrated. stable cardiomegaly. prominent contour of the ascending aorta, consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm
[Record ID: OpenI-3180] there are postoperative changes of sternotomy. there is cardiomegaly. the contour of the ascending aorta is prominent, consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm. the lungs appear clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no acute pulmonary abnormality demonstrated. stable cardiomegaly. prominent contour of the ascending aorta, consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm
[Record ID: OpenI-3181] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3182] the heart size is normal. there is vascular congestion in bilateral hilar areas. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. no acute bony abnormalities. no effusion or infiltrate. no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. hyperexpanded lungs. otherwise normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3183] the heart size is normal. there is vascular congestion in bilateral hilar areas. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. no acute bony abnormalities. no effusion or infiltrate. no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. hyperexpanded lungs. otherwise normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3184] the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3185] the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3186] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. lung volumes remain low. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. low lung volumes. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3187] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. lung volumes remain low. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. low lung volumes. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3188] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3189] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3190] lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3191] there are patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. there are atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic. there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3192] there are patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. there are atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic. there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3193] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3194] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3195] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-3196] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-3197] the heart and mediastinum are normal in size and contour. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. specifically there is no evidence of active tuberculosis infection
[Record ID: OpenI-3198] the heart and mediastinum are normal in size and contour. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. specifically there is no evidence of active tuberculosis infection
[Record ID: OpenI-3199] no findings. heart size normal. slightly tortuous aorta, unchanged. lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3200] no findings. heart size normal. slightly tortuous aorta, unchanged. lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3201] lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. calcified lymph. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3202] lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. calcified lymph. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3203] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3204] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3205] no findings. lungs are clear. heart size normal. dilated aorta secondary to aortic dissection
[Record ID: OpenI-3206] no findings. lungs are clear. heart size normal. dilated aorta secondary to aortic dissection
[Record ID: OpenI-3207] the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there are no focal air space opacities. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3208] the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there are no focal air space opacities. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3209] no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. clear lungs bilaterally. normal cardiac contours. multiple anterior endplate osteophyte formation along thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3210] heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3211] heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3212] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3213] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3214] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3215] the lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3216] the lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3217] the heart is enlarged. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are noted within the spine. cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3218] the heart is enlarged. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are noted within the spine. cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3219] no findings. streaky bibasilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis with hypoventilation. heart size mildly enlarged for technique, stable mediastinal contours. no definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-3220] no findings. streaky bibasilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis with hypoventilation. heart size mildly enlarged for technique, stable mediastinal contours. no definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-3221] left lower lobe calcified granuloma. heart size normal. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild medial right atelectasis. mild emphysema. emphysema and mild medial right atelectasis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-3222] left lower lobe calcified granuloma. heart size normal. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild medial right atelectasis. mild emphysema. emphysema and mild medial right atelectasis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-3223] the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3224] the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3225] the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3226] the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3227] no unusual findings. comparison, wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-3228] no unusual findings. comparison, wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-3229] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the patient was shielded. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3230] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the patient was shielded. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3231] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3232] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3233] there is increasing primarily basilar interstitial reticular opacity. lung volumes are low. there are no focal airspace opacities to suggest lobar pneumonia. heart size appears normal. the thoracic aorta is calcified. since the prior study, there has been placement of an electronic cardiac device overlying the left chest wall, the distal leads overlying the right heart. there is no pneumothorax. findings consistent with worsening interstitial lung disease. high resolution is recommended to confirm this. prior from reveals no evidence of interstitial lung disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3234] normal cardiomediastinal contours. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3235] normal cardiomediastinal contours. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3236] stable appearance of lower cervical fusion. heart size normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal airspace disease. calcified nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. dish of the thoracic spine. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3237] stable appearance of lower cervical fusion. heart size normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal airspace disease. calcified nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. dish of the thoracic spine. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3238] consolidation is developing in the left lower lobe. a patchy infiltrate is also present in the right lower lobe. heart size is normal. bibasilar pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3239] consolidation is developing in the left lower lobe. a patchy infiltrate is also present in the right lower lobe. heart size is normal. bibasilar pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3240] no findings. heart size normal. tortuous dilated aorta. minimal basilar infiltrate left base
[Record ID: OpenI-3241] no findings. heart size normal. tortuous dilated aorta. minimal basilar infiltrate left base
[Record ID: OpenI-3242] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious bony opacities. heart size slightly enlarged. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mild cardiomegaly, stable
[Record ID: OpenI-3243] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious bony opacities. heart size slightly enlarged. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mild cardiomegaly, stable
[Record ID: OpenI-3244] chest the heart is enlarged. there may be a pericardial effusion. no definite pulmonary edema is seen. lungs appear clear. there is no pleural effusion. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are unremarkable. kub single view of the abdomen was obtained. the bowel pattern is nonspecific. there is no evidence for obstruction or free intraperitoneal air. no large soft tissue masses or organomegaly are identified. the skeletal structures appear normal. chest. cardiomegaly with possible pericardial effusion. no evidence for pulmonary edema or pneumonitis. kub. nonspecific abdomen
[Record ID: OpenI-3245] chest the heart is enlarged. there may be a pericardial effusion. no definite pulmonary edema is seen. lungs appear clear. there is no pleural effusion. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are unremarkable. kub single view of the abdomen was obtained. the bowel pattern is nonspecific. there is no evidence for obstruction or free intraperitoneal air. no large soft tissue masses or organomegaly are identified. the skeletal structures appear normal. chest. cardiomegaly with possible pericardial effusion. no evidence for pulmonary edema or pneumonitis. kub. nonspecific abdomen
[Record ID: OpenI-3246] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. calcified bilateral lung and perihilar granulomas. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.. are intact without acute osseous abnormality. chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3247] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. calcified bilateral lung and perihilar granulomas. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.. are intact without acute osseous abnormality. chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3248] 2 images. calcified granuloma left upper lobe. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-3249] 2 images. calcified granuloma left upper lobe. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-3250] increased interstitial opacities nonspecific. question edema or atypical infection. heart size normal. stable mediastinal silhouette. no lobar consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild increased reticular interstitial opacity
[Record ID: OpenI-3251] low lung volumes. heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. left humeral head bone anchors. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3252] low lung volumes. heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. left humeral head bone anchors. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3253] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3254] low lung volumes. normal heart size. the trachea is midline. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3255] low lung volumes. normal heart size. the trachea is midline. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3256] no unusual findings. heart size at upper limits normal. mediastinal silhouette otherwise, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-3257] no unusual findings. heart size at upper limits normal. mediastinal silhouette otherwise, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-3258] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3259] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3260] no unusual findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-3261] no unusual findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-3262] status post sternotomy and cabg. heart size is normal. coronary vascular stent. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. calcified mediastinal lymph. normal pulmonary vascularity. degenerative changes of the spine. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3263] status post sternotomy and cabg. heart size is normal. coronary vascular stent. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. calcified mediastinal lymph. normal pulmonary vascularity. degenerative changes of the spine. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3264] there are intact midline sternotomy and postsurgical changes of prior cabg. the aorta is unfolded. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-3265] there are intact midline sternotomy and postsurgical changes of prior cabg. the aorta is unfolded. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-3266] previous lower spine cervical fusion. lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. hyperexpanded but clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3267] previous lower spine cervical fusion. lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. hyperexpanded but clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3268] no findings. lungs clear. heart size normal. flowing syndesmophytes in the thoracic spine, dish
[Record ID: OpenI-3269] no findings. lungs clear. heart size normal. flowing syndesmophytes in the thoracic spine, dish
[Record ID: OpenI-3270] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is a right chest with central venous catheter tip overlying the high svc. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3271] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is a right chest with central venous catheter tip overlying the high svc. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3272] stable cardiomegaly. the lungs are clear. stable left lung base calcifications. no focal consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. stable cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-3273] stable cardiomegaly. the lungs are clear. stable left lung base calcifications. no focal consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. stable cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-3274] the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3275] the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3276] no unusual findings. no comparisons. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. status post coronary artery bypass grafting
[Record ID: OpenI-3277] no unusual findings. no comparisons. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. status post coronary artery bypass grafting
[Record ID: OpenI-3278] lung volumes are mildly decreased. the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. there is bilateral lower lobe airspace opacities compatible with discoid atelectasis. there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bilateral lower lobe focal atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-3279] lung volumes are mildly decreased. the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. there is bilateral lower lobe airspace opacities compatible with discoid atelectasis. there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bilateral lower lobe focal atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-3280] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3281] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3282] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. tspine osteophytes. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3283] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. tspine osteophytes. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3284] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3285] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3286] cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. postsurgical changes of the cervical spine are present. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3287] cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. postsurgical changes of the cervical spine are present. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3288] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute, displaced rib fractures. pulmonary hypoinflation. otherwise, no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3289] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute, displaced rib fractures. pulmonary hypoinflation. otherwise, no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3290] heart size within normal limits. mild hyperinflation of the lungs. mild pectus excavatum deformity. stable left mid lung calcified granuloma. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. changes of chronic lung disease with no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-3291] heart size within normal limits. mild hyperinflation of the lungs. mild pectus excavatum deformity. stable left mid lung calcified granuloma. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. changes of chronic lung disease with no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-3292] there is a 7 nodular density at the left lung base. lungs are otherwise clear. the ct scan without iv contrast could be performed for further evaluation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. 7 nodular density at the left costophrenic. recommend ct scan for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-3293] there is a 7 nodular density at the left lung base. lungs are otherwise clear. the ct scan without iv contrast could be performed for further evaluation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. 7 nodular density at the left costophrenic. recommend ct scan for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-3294] the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. there are mild chronic changes without focal consolidation. no pleural effusion is seen. mild cardiomegaly and atherosclerosis. no acute infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-3295] the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. there are mild chronic changes without focal consolidation. no pleural effusion is seen. mild cardiomegaly and atherosclerosis. no acute infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-3296] the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-3297] the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-3298] the lungs appear clear. there are calcified nodules projecting in the right upper lung. mediastinal contours appear normal. the heart pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. surgical clips are identified in the right neck and left mediastinum. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3299] the lungs appear clear. there are calcified nodules projecting in the right upper lung. mediastinal contours appear normal. the heart pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. surgical clips are identified in the right neck and left mediastinum. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3300] sternotomy appear intact. surgical clips overlying the mediastinum. mitral valve replacement seen. low lung volumes. the interstitial markings appear prominent, which may represent interstitial edema. there is mild blunting of the posterior sulcus on the lateral view, which could represent a small effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. mildly prominent interstitial markings, which could represent interstitial edema. mild blunting of the posterior sulcus, which could represent a small effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-3301] sternotomy appear intact. surgical clips overlying the mediastinum. mitral valve replacement seen. low lung volumes. the interstitial markings appear prominent, which may represent interstitial edema. there is mild blunting of the posterior sulcus on the lateral view, which could represent a small effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. mildly prominent interstitial markings, which could represent interstitial edema. mild blunting of the posterior sulcus, which could represent a small effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-3302] normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. small focal retrocardiac lung opacity. small left retrocardiac opacity, may represent minimal atelectasis or small focus of airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3303] normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. small focal retrocardiac lung opacity. small left retrocardiac opacity, may represent minimal atelectasis or small focus of airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3304] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3305] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3306] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. is not diffuse interstitial prominence, which has chronic appearance. cannot exclude early pulmonary edema. two airspace consolidation or effusion. are osteopenic. no visible pneumothorax. mild interstitial prominence, chronic though could reflect early pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-3307] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. is not diffuse interstitial prominence, which has chronic appearance. cannot exclude early pulmonary edema. two airspace consolidation or effusion. are osteopenic. no visible pneumothorax. mild interstitial prominence, chronic though could reflect early pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-3308] the and soft tissue appear normal. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are normal. the aortic is on the left. the trachea is well seen and appears normal. the lungs are clear. unremarkable chest study
[Record ID: OpenI-3309] the and soft tissue appear normal. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are normal. the aortic is on the left. the trachea is well seen and appears normal. the lungs are clear. unremarkable chest study
[Record ID: OpenI-3310] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3311] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3312] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no effusions, pneumonia, or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-3313] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no effusions, pneumonia, or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-3314] cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. and curvilinear densities over the breast shadows compatible with piercings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3315] cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. and curvilinear densities over the breast shadows compatible with piercings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3316] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3317] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3318] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. small tspine osteophytes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3319] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. small tspine osteophytes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3320] stable borderline enlarged cardiac contour. calcified mediastinal lymph. prominent right paratracheal stripe. emphysema. no active pulmonary disease. mild spondylosis. stable appearance of the chest, see above
[Record ID: OpenI-3321] stable borderline enlarged cardiac contour. calcified mediastinal lymph. prominent right paratracheal stripe. emphysema. no active pulmonary disease. mild spondylosis. stable appearance of the chest, see above
[Record ID: OpenI-3322] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent a focus of free air. lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent free intraperitoneal air. left lateral decubitus film may be helpful. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3323] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent a focus of free air. lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent free intraperitoneal air. left lateral decubitus film may be helpful. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3324] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3325] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. calcified left hilar lymph. a calcified granuloma is seen in the left lower lobe. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3326] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. calcified left hilar lymph. a calcified granuloma is seen in the left lower lobe. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3327] no findings. comparison,. anticipated senescent findings with grossly clear lungs and stableunremarkable mediastinal contour. no effusions. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. no destructive bony lesions are seen
[Record ID: OpenI-3328] no findings. comparison,. anticipated senescent findings with grossly clear lungs and stableunremarkable mediastinal contour. no effusions. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. no destructive bony lesions are seen
[Record ID: OpenI-3329] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3330] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3331] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3332] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3333] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3334] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3335] there is hyperexpansion. the heart size is normal. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. two circular densities overlying the right ribs which were not present in the ct. no focal infiltrates. emphysema. recommend rib series to to establish that circular densities overlying ribs are in the ribs
[Record ID: OpenI-3336] there is hyperexpansion. the heart size is normal. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. two circular densities overlying the right ribs which were not present in the ct. no focal infiltrates. emphysema. recommend rib series to to establish that circular densities overlying ribs are in the ribs
[Record ID: OpenI-3337] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. the right lung is clear. there is a recurrence moderatesized left pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. limited right base stringy density compatible with atelectasis. dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. recurrent moderate sized left pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-3338] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. the right lung is clear. there is a recurrence moderatesized left pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. limited right base stringy density compatible with atelectasis. dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. recurrent moderate sized left pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-3339] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. vp shunt tubing is identified. the bony structures, as visualized, appear unremarkable. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3340] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. vp shunt tubing is identified. the bony structures, as visualized, appear unremarkable. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3341] the lungs appear clear. scattered calcified granulomas are stable as are calcified mediastinal lymph. the heart and pulmonary are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. pleural spaces are clear. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3342] the lungs appear clear. scattered calcified granulomas are stable as are calcified mediastinal lymph. the heart and pulmonary are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. pleural spaces are clear. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3343] unchanged elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is mildly enlarged. mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine anterior osteophytes noted inferiorly. pulmonary artery prominence. mild cardiomegaly. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3344] unchanged elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is mildly enlarged. mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine anterior osteophytes noted inferiorly. pulmonary artery prominence. mild cardiomegaly. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3345] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3346] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3347] there are low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities representing subsegmental atelectasis. the cardio the cardiac silhouette is of the of normal. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. low lung volumes with bibasilar streaky opacities most representing subsegmental atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-3348] there are low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities representing subsegmental atelectasis. the cardio the cardiac silhouette is of the of normal. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. low lung volumes with bibasilar streaky opacities most representing subsegmental atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-3349] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is moderately enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. there is a icd generator obscuring the left lateral midlung with the leads projecting over the expected location of the right atrium, right ventricle, and coronary sinus. no acute pulmonary abnormality. moderate cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-3350] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3351] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3352] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. increased opacities on lateral projection reflect bronchovascular crowding. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3353] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. increased opacities on lateral projection reflect bronchovascular crowding. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3354] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3355] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3356] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3357] heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. low lung volumes without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. multilevel degenerative changes in the spine. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3358] heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. low lung volumes without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. multilevel degenerative changes in the spine. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3359] there is a moderate rightsided pneumothorax measuring approximately 3 cm in the right apex. there is a minimally displaced right lateral 8th rib fracture and probable nondisplaced right lateral 7th rib fracture. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. left lung is clear. moderate rightsided pneumothorax measuring approximately 3 cm in the right apex. minimally displaced right lateral 8th rib fracture probable nondisplaced right lateral 7th rib fracture
[Record ID: OpenI-3360] there is a moderate rightsided pneumothorax measuring approximately 3 cm in the right apex. there is a minimally displaced right lateral 8th rib fracture and probable nondisplaced right lateral 7th rib fracture. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. left lung is clear. moderate rightsided pneumothorax measuring approximately 3 cm in the right apex. minimally displaced right lateral 8th rib fracture probable nondisplaced right lateral 7th rib fracture
[Record ID: OpenI-3361] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable opacity in the left base, scarring or atelectasis. rounded calcified density in the left lung base, calcified granuloma. no consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3362] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable opacity in the left base, scarring or atelectasis. rounded calcified density in the left lung base, calcified granuloma. no consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3363] lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. hyperexpanded but clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3364] lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. hyperexpanded but clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3365] cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. there is leftsided central line with a lumen. poly vasculature is within normal limits. mediastinum is normal. bibasilar opacity, left greater than right is appreciated. no pneumothorax. left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. right effusion is also present. cardiomegaly without overt edema
[Record ID: OpenI-3366] cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. there is leftsided central line with a lumen. poly vasculature is within normal limits. mediastinum is normal. bibasilar opacity, left greater than right is appreciated. no pneumothorax. left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. right effusion is also present. cardiomegaly without overt edema
[Record ID: OpenI-3367] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3368] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3369] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. scarring is noted in the lingula. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3370] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. scarring is noted in the lingula. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3371] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3372] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3373] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there is a left chest with tip projecting over the lower svc. there is deformity within the midthoracic spine. clear lungs. deformities within the midthoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-3374] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified lymph are present. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3375] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified lymph are present. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3376] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-3377] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-3378] the lungs are clear. there is no pneumonia. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours appear normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence of pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3379] the lungs are clear. there is no pneumonia. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours appear normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence of pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3380] cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. interval worsening of the moderate thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis with mild exaggeration of normal thoracic kyphosis. no acute cardiopulmonary process. interval worsening of moderate thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis
[Record ID: OpenI-3381] cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. interval worsening of the moderate thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis with mild exaggeration of normal thoracic kyphosis. no acute cardiopulmonary process. interval worsening of moderate thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis
[Record ID: OpenI-3382] portable frontal view of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads shows normal cardiomediastinal silhouette, central airways, pulmonary vasculature and lung volumes without focal air space consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute intrathoracic disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3383] portable frontal view of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads shows normal cardiomediastinal silhouette, central airways, pulmonary vasculature and lung volumes without focal air space consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute intrathoracic disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3384] the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette or normal in size and contour. there is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-3385] the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette or normal in size and contour. there is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-3386] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality. mild cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-3387] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality. mild cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-3388] no findings. small patchy left lower lobe opacity, primary differential considerations include atelectasis, infiltrate, aspiration, clinical correlation recommended. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits for technique, no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-3389] no findings. small patchy left lower lobe opacity, primary differential considerations include atelectasis, infiltrate, aspiration, clinical correlation recommended. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits for technique, no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-3390] low lung volumes. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal air space consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. mild thoracic spine degenerative change. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3391] low lung volumes. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal air space consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. mild thoracic spine degenerative change. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3392] no findings. 13 14 mm ringshaped opacity with central lucency, seen with certainty on pa view only, projects over right midlung. uncertain if this represent something within the lung or external to the patient. there is also a 5 mm nodular opacity projecting over the left upper lung at the level of ap. these findings could be further evaluated if clinically indicated. no acute airspace disease. mediastinal contour normal limits. no effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-3393] no findings. 13 14 mm ringshaped opacity with central lucency, seen with certainty on pa view only, projects over right midlung. uncertain if this represent something within the lung or external to the patient. there is also a 5 mm nodular opacity projecting over the left upper lung at the level of ap. these findings could be further evaluated if clinically indicated. no acute airspace disease. mediastinal contour normal limits. no effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-3394] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are wellaerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3395] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are wellaerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3396] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation is seen. postsurgicalbiopsy changes overlying the right breast. mild hypoinflation without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3397] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation is seen. postsurgicalbiopsy changes overlying the right breast. mild hypoinflation without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3398] no unusual findings. comparison, wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3399] no unusual findings. comparison, wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3400] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3401] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3402] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3403] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3404] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3405] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3406] no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. no acute osseous injury demonstrated. no acute related findings. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging if clinically indicated
[Record ID: OpenI-3407] no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. no acute osseous injury demonstrated. no acute related findings. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging if clinically indicated
[Record ID: OpenI-3408] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. right lower lung opacity represents combination of soft tissue overlay and minimal atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3409] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. right lower lung opacity represents combination of soft tissue overlay and minimal atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3410] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3411] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3412] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3413] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3414] heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no pulmonary nodules identified. no acute abnormality. no pulmonary nodule identified
[Record ID: OpenI-3415] heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no pulmonary nodules identified. no acute abnormality. no pulmonary nodule identified
[Record ID: OpenI-3416] right costophrenic is blunted. in the left lower lobe a patchy infiltrate is present. the pulmonary are normal. large right pleural effusion and patchy left lower lobe airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3417] right costophrenic is blunted. in the left lower lobe a patchy infiltrate is present. the pulmonary are normal. large right pleural effusion and patchy left lower lobe airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3418] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. mild cardiomegaly. cardio mediastinal silhouette unremarkable. bony structures appear intact. mild cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-3419] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. mild cardiomegaly. cardio mediastinal silhouette unremarkable. bony structures appear intact. mild cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-3420] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. mild cardiomegaly. cardio mediastinal silhouette unremarkable. bony structures appear intact. mild cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-3421] mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3422] mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3423] no findings. left lung clear. heart size normal. no change right upper lobe volume loss and fibrosis. no change right upper lobe cavitation
[Record ID: OpenI-3424] no findings. left lung clear. heart size normal. no change right upper lobe volume loss and fibrosis. no change right upper lobe cavitation
[Record ID: OpenI-3425] no findings. heart size normal. lungs are clear. 5 mm right apical granuloma unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-3426] no findings. heart size normal. lungs are clear. 5 mm right apical granuloma unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-3427] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. the lung are clear. there are no soft tissue or bony abnormalities. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3428] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. the lung are clear. there are no soft tissue or bony abnormalities. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3429] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. there are no acute infiltrates, effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3430] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. there are no acute infiltrates, effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3431] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3432] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3433] 3 images. heart size is normal. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there are costochondral calcifications. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. old left clavicle fracture noted. no acute abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-3434] 3 images. heart size is normal. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there are costochondral calcifications. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. old left clavicle fracture noted. no acute abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-3435] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3436] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma within the right middle lobe. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3437] this is an apical lordotic view the chest. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3438] this is an apical lordotic view the chest. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3439] the heart is large. pulmonary are engorged. no infiltrates. aorta is somewhat tortuous. degenerative disc disease is present in the thoracic spine. cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension
[Record ID: OpenI-3440] the heart is large. pulmonary are engorged. no infiltrates. aorta is somewhat tortuous. degenerative disc disease is present in the thoracic spine. cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension
[Record ID: OpenI-3441] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3442] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3443] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no evidence of pneumonia or post primary tuberculosis infection no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3444] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no evidence of pneumonia or post primary tuberculosis infection no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3445] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3446] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3447] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. peripheral right basilar calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. apparent nodular opacity on lateral projection, immediately retrocardiac, is to represent confluence of overlapping silhouettes. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3448] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. peripheral right basilar calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. apparent nodular opacity on lateral projection, immediately retrocardiac, is to represent confluence of overlapping silhouettes. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3449] no unusual findings. grossly, the heart size is normal in the lungs are clear. no displaced bony injuries are present
[Record ID: OpenI-3450] no unusual findings. grossly, the heart size is normal in the lungs are clear. no displaced bony injuries are present
[Record ID: OpenI-3451] heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3452] heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3453] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. lungs appear relatively clear on todays exam. no significant interval change since the prior study and
[Record ID: OpenI-3454] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. lungs appear relatively clear on todays exam. no significant interval change since the prior study and
[Record ID: OpenI-3455] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate increased interstitial markings probably copd. there is calcified hilar lymph. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3456] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate increased interstitial markings probably copd. there is calcified hilar lymph. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3457] lungs are clear. blunting of the left costophrenic consistent with a small left pleural effusion and associated airspace disease. the right lung is clear. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. heart size is upper limits of normal. degenerative changes in the spine. heart size upper limits of normal. small left pleural effusion with associated airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3458] lungs are clear. blunting of the left costophrenic consistent with a small left pleural effusion and associated airspace disease. the right lung is clear. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. heart size is upper limits of normal. degenerative changes in the spine. heart size upper limits of normal. small left pleural effusion with associated airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3459] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3460] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3461] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. with opacities in the lung bases, bronchovascular crowding. no focal consolidation or pleural effusion are seen. low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities bronchovascular crowding. no acute infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-3462] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3463] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3464] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3465] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3466] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is ectasia of the thoracic aorta. no pleural effusion is identified. normal chest film
[Record ID: OpenI-3467] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is ectasia of the thoracic aorta. no pleural effusion is identified. normal chest film
[Record ID: OpenI-3468] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-3469] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-3470] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3471] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3472] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3473] the lungs are clear and hyperinflated. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. hyperinflated lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3474] the lungs are clear and hyperinflated. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. hyperinflated lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3475] no findings. heart size is top normal. mediastinal silhouette otherwise and pulmonary vascularity are unremarkable. there are no focal infiltrates, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. lower anterior cervical spine fusion
[Record ID: OpenI-3476] no findings. heart size is top normal. mediastinal silhouette otherwise and pulmonary vascularity are unremarkable. there are no focal infiltrates, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. lower anterior cervical spine fusion
[Record ID: OpenI-3477] mediastinal contours are normal. heart size is upper limits of normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3478] mediastinal contours are normal. heart size is upper limits of normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3479] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity. stable postsurgical changes of the lower cervical spine. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3480] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity. stable postsurgical changes of the lower cervical spine. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3481] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3482] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3483] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3484] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3485] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear. no acute infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-3486] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear. no acute infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-3487] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. vascular calcification is noted. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3488] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic. no focal consolidation is seen. no acute infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-3489] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic. no focal consolidation is seen. no acute infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-3490] no findings. slightly hyperinflated appearing but clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-3491] no findings. slightly hyperinflated appearing but clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-3492] cardiomegaly with unfolded aorta. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. cardiomegaly. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3493] cardiomegaly with unfolded aorta. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. cardiomegaly. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3494] no findings. a cardiac pacemakerdefibrillator device is redemonstration of the left chest wall with a single projecting over the right atrium and 2 leads projecting over the right ventricle. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged, unchanged. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-3495] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3496] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3497] no findings. heart size normal and lungs are relatively clear. there is minimal underlying interstitial opacities. this is markedly improved compared to prior exam
[Record ID: OpenI-3498] no findings. heart size normal and lungs are relatively clear. there is minimal underlying interstitial opacities. this is markedly improved compared to prior exam
[Record ID: OpenI-3499] large left lower lobe opacity is present. there does not appear to be significant mediastinal shift. there is no pneumothorax. the cardiac silhouette is not definitively identified and not fully evaluated. the mediastinal contours are unremarkable. large left lower lobe opacity represents a large layering pleural effusion. right lung is clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3500] large left lower lobe opacity is present. there does not appear to be significant mediastinal shift. there is no pneumothorax. the cardiac silhouette is not definitively identified and not fully evaluated. the mediastinal contours are unremarkable. large left lower lobe opacity represents a large layering pleural effusion. right lung is clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3501] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. sternotomy noted. inferior sternotomy is disrupted. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3502] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. sternotomy noted. inferior sternotomy is disrupted. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3503] no findings. lower cervical and upper thoracic spinal fixation. multiple sternotomy. bilateral calcified granulomas and degenerative change in the spine. the lungs appear clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3504] no findings. lower cervical and upper thoracic spinal fixation. multiple sternotomy. bilateral calcified granulomas and degenerative change in the spine. the lungs appear clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3505] no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3506] no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3507] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3508] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3509] pacemaker generator overlying the left chest in stable position with 2 leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle in stable position. stable sternotomy. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. minimal fluid within the right horizontal fissure. stable pacemaker generator within the left chest with 2 distal leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle, also in stable position. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-3510] there are opacities within both lung bases, representing atelectasis. heart size is upper limits of normal. no pneumothorax. no pneumothorax. bibasilar atelectasis. no pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3511] there are opacities within both lung bases, representing atelectasis. heart size is upper limits of normal. no pneumothorax. no pneumothorax. bibasilar atelectasis. no pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3512] there has been interval sternotomy with intact midline sternotomy. the heart is near top normal in size with unfolding of the aorta. the lungs are grossly clear with no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are grossly normal. cardiomegaly, however no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3513] there has been interval sternotomy with intact midline sternotomy. the heart is near top normal in size with unfolding of the aorta. the lungs are grossly clear with no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are grossly normal. cardiomegaly, however no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3514] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary process. no obvious rib fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-3515] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary process. no obvious rib fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-3516] right basal airspace opacity. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. right basilar airspace opacity
[Record ID: OpenI-3517] right basal airspace opacity. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. right basilar airspace opacity
[Record ID: OpenI-3518] no findings. stable cardiac enlargement. vascular congestion is redemonstrated. patchy atelectasis and airspace disease is present in the left base. right base is clear. no large effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-3519] no findings. stable cardiac enlargement. vascular congestion is redemonstrated. patchy atelectasis and airspace disease is present in the left base. right base is clear. no large effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-3520] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3521] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3522] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the patient is status post cabg. a few opacities are present in the left base, the appearance which scarring or atelectasis. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. opacities in the left base, the appearance which scarring or atelectasis. otherwise, clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3523] the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there are no focal air space opacities. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute osseous abnormality. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3524] no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3525] no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3526] no unusual findings. no comparisons. the heart size is normal and the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3527] no unusual findings. no comparisons. the heart size is normal and the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3528] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3529] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3530] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3531] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3532] the heart is large. lung volumes are. opacity persists in the right midlung. no focal infiltrates. persistent cardiomegaly. right midlung scar. no visible acute failure or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3533] the heart is large. lung volumes are. opacity persists in the right midlung. no focal infiltrates. persistent cardiomegaly. right midlung scar. no visible acute failure or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3534] the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the there are opacities in the left lower lobe of the lung, which are most dependent atelectasis. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. left base focal atelectasis, no infiltrates that would suggest active tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-3535] the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the there are opacities in the left lower lobe of the lung, which are most dependent atelectasis. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. left base focal atelectasis, no infiltrates that would suggest active tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-3536] no findings. borderline cardiac enlargement. vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema. basilar atelectasis with posterior recess pleural effusions. overall, findings of mild volume overload
[Record ID: OpenI-3537] no findings. borderline cardiac enlargement. vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema. basilar atelectasis with posterior recess pleural effusions. overall, findings of mild volume overload
[Record ID: OpenI-3538] the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine. pulmonary hypoinflation. otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3539] the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine. pulmonary hypoinflation. otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3540] heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation or suspicious pulmonary opacity. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3541] heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation or suspicious pulmonary opacity. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3542] the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3543] the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3544] heart size within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3545] heart size within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3546] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3547] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3548] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. scattered bilateral calcified pulmonary nodules. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3549] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. scattered bilateral calcified pulmonary nodules. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3550] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3551] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3552] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3553] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3554] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there is mild tortuosity to the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3555] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there is mild tortuosity to the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3556] there is been interval enlargement in the cardiac silhouette. these t contours are within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. interval development of cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-3557] there is been interval enlargement in the cardiac silhouette. these t contours are within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. interval development of cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-3558] cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no evidence of abnormal radiodense foreign bodies. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no evidence of abnormal radiodense foreign bodies
[Record ID: OpenI-3559] cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no evidence of abnormal radiodense foreign bodies. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no evidence of abnormal radiodense foreign bodies
[Record ID: OpenI-3560] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3561] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3562] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3563] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3564] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3565] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable postoperative and degenerative changes of the. stable degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3566] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable postoperative and degenerative changes of the. stable degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3567] the cardiac contours are normal. basilar atelectasis. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. lower cervical arthritis. basilar atelectasis. no confluent lobar consolidation or pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-3568] the cardiac contours are normal. basilar atelectasis. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. lower cervical arthritis. basilar atelectasis. no confluent lobar consolidation or pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-3569] clear lungs. no infiltrates or suspicious pulmonary opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3570] clear lungs. no infiltrates or suspicious pulmonary opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3571] the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. density in the left lung base represents atelectasis or scarring. the heart and very are normal. pleural spaces are clear. surgical clips are identified in the left axilla. there is lucency involving the lateral aspect of the left clavicle. metastatic disease cannot be excluded. lucency in the left lateral clavicle near the acromioclavicular joint. metastatic disease is possible. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3572] the heart is mildly enlarged. left hemidiaphragm is elevated. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. the mediastinum is unremarkable. borderline cardiomegaly without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3573] the heart is mildly enlarged. left hemidiaphragm is elevated. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. the mediastinum is unremarkable. borderline cardiomegaly without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3574] the lungs are relatively clear with sulci. heart size normal in lv contour. slightly unfolded ascending and descending aorta. tspine unremarkable. no significant finding
[Record ID: OpenI-3575] the lungs are relatively clear with sulci. heart size normal in lv contour. slightly unfolded ascending and descending aorta. tspine unremarkable. no significant finding
[Record ID: OpenI-3576] cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3577] cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3578] heart and mediastinal contour normal. pulmonary vascularity normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3579] heart and mediastinal contour normal. pulmonary vascularity normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3580] there are are streaky retrocardiac left lower lobe opacities, in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. streaky left retrocardiac airspace opacities, in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3581] there are are streaky retrocardiac left lower lobe opacities, in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. streaky left retrocardiac airspace opacities, in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3582] no findings. heart size mildly enlarged for technique, mediastinal contours appear similar to prior, right chest tip in the high svc. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-3583] mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. numerous bilateral rib deformities. no focal airspace disease. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or effusion. large, flowing anterior endplate osteophytes of the thoracic spine. emphysema with no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3584] mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. numerous bilateral rib deformities. no focal airspace disease. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or effusion. large, flowing anterior endplate osteophytes of the thoracic spine. emphysema with no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3585] lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3586] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-3587] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-3588] heart size is enlarged. the aorta is unfolded. otherwise the mediastinal contour is normal. there are streaky bibasilar opacities. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. cardiomegaly with mild bibasilar infiltrates versus atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-3589] heart size is enlarged. the aorta is unfolded. otherwise the mediastinal contour is normal. there are streaky bibasilar opacities. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. cardiomegaly with mild bibasilar infiltrates versus atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-3590] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. hyperinflated lungs with flattening of diaphragms, compatible with emphysema. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. emphysema. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3591] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. hyperinflated lungs with flattening of diaphragms, compatible with emphysema. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. emphysema. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3592] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3593] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3594] left picc line remains in. the tip projects over the upper svc. it has moved outward since the previous study. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. previously present left base airspace disease has cleared. there is blunting of the right costophrenic which may represent small amount of pleural effusion or pleural reaction. some scattered bandlike opacities are present which appear to represent scars. degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder. blunting of the right costophrenic. this may represent pleural effusion or pleural reaction. clearing of left base airspace disease. outward of picc line. tip now projects over upper svc
[Record ID: OpenI-3595] left picc line remains in. the tip projects over the upper svc. it has moved outward since the previous study. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. previously present left base airspace disease has cleared. there is blunting of the right costophrenic which may represent small amount of pleural effusion or pleural reaction. some scattered bandlike opacities are present which appear to represent scars. degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder. blunting of the right costophrenic. this may represent pleural effusion or pleural reaction. clearing of left base airspace disease. outward of picc line. tip now projects over upper svc
[Record ID: OpenI-3596] the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no focal opacity. after further review with staff radiologist there is a right upper lobe focal opacity reflecting pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3597] the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no focal opacity. after further review with staff radiologist there is a right upper lobe focal opacity reflecting pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3598] heart size is within normal limits. tortuous thoracic aorta. there is patchy right base airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. right lower lobe pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3599] heart size is within normal limits. tortuous thoracic aorta. there is patchy right base airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. right lower lobe pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3600] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable. there are some minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. evidence of chronic granulomatous disease. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3601] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable. there are some minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. evidence of chronic granulomatous disease. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3602] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no radiographic evidence of metastatic disease in the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3603] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no radiographic evidence of metastatic disease in the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3604] there is a 22 x 14 mm calcified nodule in the left lower lobe. a moderate hiatal hernia is present. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. calcified left paraesophageal versus intrapulmonary lymph node. moderate hiatus hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-3605] no findings. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. heart size borderline enlarged for technique, tracheostomy tube tip approximately 7 cm above the carina
[Record ID: OpenI-3606] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-3607] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-3608] the heart and mediastinum are normal. the lungs are clear. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic. there is no infiltrate, mass or pneumothorax. the right internal jugular catheter has been removed. mild blunted right costophrenic which could be due to effusion or scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-3609] the heart and mediastinum are normal. the lungs are clear. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic. there is no infiltrate, mass or pneumothorax. the right internal jugular catheter has been removed. mild blunted right costophrenic which could be due to effusion or scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-3610] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs clear. resolution of effusion seen on prior exam
[Record ID: OpenI-3611] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs clear. resolution of effusion seen on prior exam
[Record ID: OpenI-3612] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is a mild levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. there is mild widening of the right acromioclavicular joint which may be postsurgical or posttraumatic in. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3613] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is a mild levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. there is mild widening of the right acromioclavicular joint which may be postsurgical or posttraumatic in. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3614] there are midline sternotomy and mediastinal clips consistent with prior cabg. the heart is enlarged with unfolding of the aorta. there is prominence of the interstitial markings with fluid in the fissures consistent with interstitial edema. there is no focal airspace opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there multilevel degenerative spine changes. interstitial pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-3615] chest. lung volumes are low, but no focal infiltrates are present. heart and mediastinum remain normal. abdomen. multiple slightly distended loops are present from stomach to rectum. formed stool is present in the rectum. chest. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. abdomen. negative. no mechanical obstruction
[Record ID: OpenI-3616] chest. lung volumes are low, but no focal infiltrates are present. heart and mediastinum remain normal. abdomen. multiple slightly distended loops are present from stomach to rectum. formed stool is present in the rectum. chest. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. abdomen. negative. no mechanical obstruction
[Record ID: OpenI-3617] cardiomediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity stable and within normal limits. lung volumes are slightly low. there are streaky left basal opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseous findings. no free air is demonstrated. streaky left basilar airspace opacities, which could reflect atelectasis andor infection
[Record ID: OpenI-3618] cardiomediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity stable and within normal limits. lung volumes are slightly low. there are streaky left basal opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseous findings. no free air is demonstrated. streaky left basilar airspace opacities, which could reflect atelectasis andor infection
[Record ID: OpenI-3619] bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. these findings are concerning for pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3620] bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. these findings are concerning for pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3621] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. mild degenerative changes are present within the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3622] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. mild degenerative changes are present within the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3623] no acute osseous abnormalities. mild thoracic spine degenerative changes. soft tissues are within normal limits. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no finding suggestive of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3624] no acute osseous abnormalities. mild thoracic spine degenerative changes. soft tissues are within normal limits. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no finding suggestive of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3625] heart size is normal. no focal consolidations. there are degenerative changes throughout the midlower thoracic spine. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3626] heart size is normal. no focal consolidations. there are degenerative changes throughout the midlower thoracic spine. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3627] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there are acute mild anterior deformities identified at l1l2. there is retropulsion of the posterior vertebral body of l1. a ct of the lumbar spine was already ordered at the time of this dictation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. acute anterior deformities at l1l2. please see ct of the lumbar spine for further details
[Record ID: OpenI-3628] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there are acute mild anterior deformities identified at l1l2. there is retropulsion of the posterior vertebral body of l1. a ct of the lumbar spine was already ordered at the time of this dictation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. acute anterior deformities at l1l2. please see ct of the lumbar spine for further details
[Record ID: OpenI-3629] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3630] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3631] normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. prior granulomatous disease appears stable. stable exam without acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3632] normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. prior granulomatous disease appears stable. stable exam without acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3633] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3634] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3635] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. straightening of the normal thoracic kyphosis. levocurvature the lumbar spine, incompletely imaged. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3636] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. straightening of the normal thoracic kyphosis. levocurvature the lumbar spine, incompletely imaged. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3637] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest no evidence of sarcoidosis
[Record ID: OpenI-3638] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest no evidence of sarcoidosis
[Record ID: OpenI-3639] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3640] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3641] normal heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. scattered granulomas. no lobar pneumonia. probable post your recess effusions. kyphotic degenerated osteopenic thoracic spine. probable posterior recess effusions with mild basilar atelectasis. no lobar pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3642] normal heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. scattered granulomas. no lobar pneumonia. probable post your recess effusions. kyphotic degenerated osteopenic thoracic spine. probable posterior recess effusions with mild basilar atelectasis. no lobar pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3643] no findings. mild cardiomegaly. no overt edema. lateral image is degraded by motion but there suggestion of minimal bibasilar airspace diseaseatelectasis. no appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-3644] no findings. mild cardiomegaly. no overt edema. lateral image is degraded by motion but there suggestion of minimal bibasilar airspace diseaseatelectasis. no appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-3645] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3646] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-3647] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-3648] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. negative for effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace consolidation. the lungs are normally aerated. clear lungs, no focal airspace consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-3649] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. negative for effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace consolidation. the lungs are normally aerated. clear lungs, no focal airspace consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-3650] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3651] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3652] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3653] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3654] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. atherosclerotic calcifications about the aortic. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. dextroconvex scoliotic curvature of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3655] the heart size is stable. the aorta is ectatic and atherosclerotic but stable. sternotomy are again noted. the scarring in the left lower lobe is again noted and unchanged from prior exam. there are mild bilateral prominent lung interstitial opacities consistent with emphysematous disease. the calcified granulomas are stable. changes of emphysema and left lower lobe scarring, both stable. unchanged degenerative and atherosclerotic changes of the thoracic aorta
[Record ID: OpenI-3656] the heart size is stable. the aorta is ectatic and atherosclerotic but stable. sternotomy are again noted. the scarring in the left lower lobe is again noted and unchanged from prior exam. there are mild bilateral prominent lung interstitial opacities consistent with emphysematous disease. the calcified granulomas are stable. changes of emphysema and left lower lobe scarring, both stable. unchanged degenerative and atherosclerotic changes of the thoracic aorta
[Record ID: OpenI-3657] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3658] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3659] no findings. small focal opacity in the left upper lobe, differential diagnosis includes subsegmental atelectasis, small infiltrate, scarring, followup recommended. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mediastinal and left hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process
[Record ID: OpenI-3660] rotated with low lung volumes. question left atrial enlargement, appreciated on lateral view. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. question left atrial enlargement, appreciated on lateral view. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3661] rotated with low lung volumes. question left atrial enlargement, appreciated on lateral view. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. question left atrial enlargement, appreciated on lateral view. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3662] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is bilateral hyperinflation, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. mildly hyperinflated, clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3663] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is bilateral hyperinflation, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. mildly hyperinflated, clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3664] heart size normal. tortuous aorta. calcified hilar lymph sequela of prior granulomatous disease. hyperinflated lungs. the otherwise lungs are clear. the bilateral apices are partially excluded from the ofview. there is the interval fixation of the right humeral fracture, appears grossly intact. osteopenia. exaggerated kyphosis of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-3665] heart size normal. tortuous aorta. calcified hilar lymph sequela of prior granulomatous disease. hyperinflated lungs. the otherwise lungs are clear. the bilateral apices are partially excluded from the ofview. there is the interval fixation of the right humeral fracture, appears grossly intact. osteopenia. exaggerated kyphosis of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-3666] no findings. minimal atelectasis right base. no evidence of tuberculosis. heart size is normal
[Record ID: OpenI-3667] no findings. minimal atelectasis right base. no evidence of tuberculosis. heart size is normal
[Record ID: OpenI-3668] there is severe dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine with chronic deformity of the bilateral ribs. the lungs are chronically hypoinflated. there is visualization of the hemidiaphragms, which may be due to basilar airspace diseaseatelectasis. evaluation of the lungs is markedly limited. overall, the appearance is similar to the prior study from. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. low lung volumes with probable mild bibasilar airspace diseaseatelectasis. markedly limited exam, without significant interval change from
[Record ID: OpenI-3669] there is severe dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine with chronic deformity of the bilateral ribs. the lungs are chronically hypoinflated. there is visualization of the hemidiaphragms, which may be due to basilar airspace diseaseatelectasis. evaluation of the lungs is markedly limited. overall, the appearance is similar to the prior study from. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. low lung volumes with probable mild bibasilar airspace diseaseatelectasis. markedly limited exam, without significant interval change from
[Record ID: OpenI-3670] cardiomegaly is unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous calcified aorta. normal pulmonary vascularity. no focal air space consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. changes of prior right mastectomy. stable appearance of the chest. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3671] cardiomegaly is unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous calcified aorta. normal pulmonary vascularity. no focal air space consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. changes of prior right mastectomy. stable appearance of the chest. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3672] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal air is prominent consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with a mild wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. this is ageindeterminate. no acute cardiopulmonary process. mild, ageindeterminate wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body
[Record ID: OpenI-3673] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal air is prominent consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with a mild wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. this is ageindeterminate. no acute cardiopulmonary process. mild, ageindeterminate wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body
[Record ID: OpenI-3674] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. there is minimal sclerotic change overlying the midthoracic spine the lateral view. unclear whether this is a pulmonary finding or skeletal finding. bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for potential metastatic disease. the mediastinal contours are normal. vague increased sclerotic focus overlying the posterior spine on lateral, from prior study. although this may be artifact or a pulmonary density, a sclerotic focus within the thoracic cannot be excluded. bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for metastatic disease to the bone
[Record ID: OpenI-3675] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. there is minimal sclerotic change overlying the midthoracic spine the lateral view. unclear whether this is a pulmonary finding or skeletal finding. bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for potential metastatic disease. the mediastinal contours are normal. vague increased sclerotic focus overlying the posterior spine on lateral, from prior study. although this may be artifact or a pulmonary density, a sclerotic focus within the thoracic cannot be excluded. bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for metastatic disease to the bone
[Record ID: OpenI-3676] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal. cholecystectomy. low lung volumes, otherwise clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3677] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal. cholecystectomy. low lung volumes, otherwise clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3678] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no evidence of pulmonary metastatic disease. stable appearance of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3679] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no evidence of pulmonary metastatic disease. stable appearance of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3680] minimal patchy bibasilar airspace opacities, atelectasis or evolving pneumonia. the heart pulmonary appear normal. is minimal blunting of the pleural spaces, effusions. minimal patchy bibasilar opacities, evolving pneumonia or atelectasis bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-3681] the patient is rotated to left. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. lucency along the left ventricular related to interface between the heart and aerated lung. patchy right perihilarupper lobe opacities, which abut the fissure on lateral projection. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. no definite acute bone abnormality. right upper lobe pneumonia. consideration may be given for followup chest, following appropriate therapy
[Record ID: OpenI-3682] the patient is rotated to left. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. lucency along the left ventricular related to interface between the heart and aerated lung. patchy right perihilarupper lobe opacities, which abut the fissure on lateral projection. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. no definite acute bone abnormality. right upper lobe pneumonia. consideration may be given for followup chest, following appropriate therapy
[Record ID: OpenI-3683] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings. no evidence of pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3684] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings. no evidence of pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3685] hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory
[Record ID: OpenI-3686] hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory
[Record ID: OpenI-3687] there is patchy opacity in the left base concerning for atelectasis versus pneumonitis. there is a curvilinear lucency that appears to be in the right hemidiaphragm and a small amount of free intraperitoneal air may be present. there is a small left pleural effusion. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. question small amount of free intraperitoneal air on the right. this is to be postprocedural due to the recent abdominal surgery. left basilar airspace opacity atelectasis versus pneumonitis
[Record ID: OpenI-3688] there is patchy opacity in the left base concerning for atelectasis versus pneumonitis. there is a curvilinear lucency that appears to be in the right hemidiaphragm and a small amount of free intraperitoneal air may be present. there is a small left pleural effusion. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. question small amount of free intraperitoneal air on the right. this is to be postprocedural due to the recent abdominal surgery. left basilar airspace opacity atelectasis versus pneumonitis
[Record ID: OpenI-3689] there are minimal left basilar opacities, subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. there is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. cardiac defibrillator overlies the right ventricle. the appears intact. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. multiple calcified splenic granulomas are also noted. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. minimal left basilar subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3690] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. right chest wall surgical clips, compatible with prior lumpectomy. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3691] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. right chest wall surgical clips, compatible with prior lumpectomy. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3692] no findings. lungs are hyperinflated suggesting underlying emphysema. no consolidation or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal silhouette appear stable. no edema. couple scattered small calcified nodules compatible with old granulomatous disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3693] no findings. lungs are hyperinflated suggesting underlying emphysema. no consolidation or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal silhouette appear stable. no edema. couple scattered small calcified nodules compatible with old granulomatous disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3694] the heart size is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no displaced rib fractures. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3695] and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the lung volumes are low normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. the mediastinum and pulmonary are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are seen. end of report
[Record ID: OpenI-3696] and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the lung volumes are low normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. the mediastinum and pulmonary are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are seen. end of report
[Record ID: OpenI-3697] the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable in size and contour. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-3698] the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. patchy airspace disease is present in the right middle lobe. degenerative changes are present spine. hyperexpanded lungs suggesting emphysema. patchy right middle lobe airspace disease. may represent pneumonia. followup examination is suggested following treatment to confirm clearing of the opacities. a 4 to 6 post treatment interval film would be reasonable to allow clearing of inflammatory opacities
[Record ID: OpenI-3699] the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. patchy airspace disease is present in the right middle lobe. degenerative changes are present spine. hyperexpanded lungs suggesting emphysema. patchy right middle lobe airspace disease. may represent pneumonia. followup examination is suggested following treatment to confirm clearing of the opacities. a 4 to 6 post treatment interval film would be reasonable to allow clearing of inflammatory opacities
[Record ID: OpenI-3700] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal. negative
[Record ID: OpenI-3701] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal. negative
[Record ID: OpenI-3702] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3703] lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3704] lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3705] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative disease of multiple midthoracic vertebral bodies. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3706] there are multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules. for example, there is a 12 mm left lower lobe nodule, seen on the frontal view. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. the left hilar contour is prominent. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules, concerning for metastatic disease. prominent left hilum. after correlation with the scan performed today, findings reflect enlargement of the left pulmonary artery
[Record ID: OpenI-3707] there are multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules. for example, there is a 12 mm left lower lobe nodule, seen on the frontal view. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. the left hilar contour is prominent. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules, concerning for metastatic disease. prominent left hilum. after correlation with the scan performed today, findings reflect enlargement of the left pulmonary artery
[Record ID: OpenI-3708] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3709] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3710] stable calcified granulomas. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3711] stable calcified granulomas. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3712] trachea is midline. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal chest exam
[Record ID: OpenI-3713] trachea is midline. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal chest exam
[Record ID: OpenI-3714] the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there are calcifications in the aortic. there is a calcified granuloma at the left lower lung. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3715] the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there are calcifications in the aortic. there is a calcified granuloma at the left lower lung. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3716] no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. mild degenerative change thoracic spine. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3717] no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. mild degenerative change thoracic spine. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3718] chest comparison there is a 6 cm diameter masslike density over the lingula partial obscuration left cardiac. there may be some illdefined opacity in the right mid and lower lung zone. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart is borderline enlarged. the aorta is dilated and tortuous. arthritic changes of the spine are present. pelvis and left hip there is an impacted and rotated fracture through the neck of the femur on the left. no pelvic fracture is seen. arthritic changes are present in the lower lumbar spine. large amount of stool and obscures portions of the pelvis. femur the femoral images do not the area of the hip fracture. the remaining portions of the femur appear to be intact with no fracture or destructive process. extensive atherosclerotic vascular disease throughout the superficial femoral artery is present. left knee there is osteoporosis and mild arthritic changes. no fracture is seen. no dislocation is identified. severe atherosclerotic changes of the superficial femoral and popliteal artery are seen. chest. left lower lobe nodule which is worrisome. if there are no prior films available for comparison scan for further evaluation. pelvis and left hip. rotated subcapital fracture left hip. femur. no fracture the remaining portions of the femur. left knee. normal for age. dr. was called and informed of these critical results at
[Record ID: OpenI-3719] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. there is biapical scarring. no acute infiltrate is seen. emphysema without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3720] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. there is biapical scarring. no acute infiltrate is seen. emphysema without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3721] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3722] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3723] normal heart size. stable unfolding the thoracic aorta. no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3724] normal heart size. stable unfolding the thoracic aorta. no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3725] heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. emphysematous changes. nodular densities projecting over right anterior fifth and six ribs. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. nodular densities projecting over right 5th and 6th ribs may healing rib fracture recommended to ruleout underlying pulmonary nodule. level veriphy message was sent. regarding possible lung nodules at hours
[Record ID: OpenI-3726] heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. emphysematous changes. nodular densities projecting over right anterior fifth and six ribs. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. nodular densities projecting over right 5th and 6th ribs may healing rib fracture recommended to ruleout underlying pulmonary nodule. level veriphy message was sent. regarding possible lung nodules at hours
[Record ID: OpenI-3727] no acute osseous abnormality. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. prominence of superior mediastinal, superimposed structures. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild bibasilar atelectasis. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3728] no acute osseous abnormality. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. prominence of superior mediastinal, superimposed structures. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild bibasilar atelectasis. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3729] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3730] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3731] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3732] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3733] stable marked cardiomegaly. cardiac generator projects over the left mid hemithorax with a terminating in the right ventricle. no focal airspace disease. mild central pulmonary vascular congestion. the heart has the same configuration as seen previously with a pericardial effusion on an abdominal ct in. cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular congestion and no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3734] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3735] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3736] no findings. very low lung volumes with bibasilar hypoventilation and patchy atelectasis. no overt airspace consolidation or pleural effusions. visualized mediastinal contour grossly within normal limits
[Record ID: OpenI-3737] no findings. very low lung volumes with bibasilar hypoventilation and patchy atelectasis. no overt airspace consolidation or pleural effusions. visualized mediastinal contour grossly within normal limits
[Record ID: OpenI-3738] heart size and mediastinal contours are unchanged. stable right upper lobe scarring with pleural thickening. no consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable chest. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3739] heart size and mediastinal contours are unchanged. stable right upper lobe scarring with pleural thickening. no consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable chest. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3740] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma is identified. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3741] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma is identified. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3742] sternotomy and numerous mediastinal clips appear stable in position. there is aortic atherosclerotic calcification. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. stable widening of the upper mediastinum. stable cardiomegaly. prominent mitral annular calcification demonstrated on the lateral view. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomegaly, tortuous thoracic aorta and atherosclerotic calcification
[Record ID: OpenI-3743] the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. the lungs are clear. there is no evidence of pleural effusion. postoperative changes are noted in the mediastinum and lower cervical spine. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3744] the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. the lungs are clear. there is no evidence of pleural effusion. postoperative changes are noted in the mediastinum and lower cervical spine. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3745] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. mild dextrocurvature of the spine again noted. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3746] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. mild dextrocurvature of the spine again noted. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3747] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3748] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3749] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3750] there is scattered calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3751] there is scattered calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3752] no findings. heart size normal. right hilar calcifications are suggestive of prior granulomatous disease. otherwise the mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-3753] no findings. heart size normal. right hilar calcifications are suggestive of prior granulomatous disease. otherwise the mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-3754] stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. interval development of mild patchy airspace opacities within the posterior aspect of the right upper lobe, concerning for underlying pneumonia. stable mild background chronic interstitial changes. no evidence of associated pleural effusion or pneumothorax. multilevel midthoracic degenerative changes, with prominent anterolateral marginal osteophytes. suspected mild patchy right upper lobe pneumonia, for which clinical correlation is recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-3755] stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. interval development of mild patchy airspace opacities within the posterior aspect of the right upper lobe, concerning for underlying pneumonia. stable mild background chronic interstitial changes. no evidence of associated pleural effusion or pneumothorax. multilevel midthoracic degenerative changes, with prominent anterolateral marginal osteophytes. suspected mild patchy right upper lobe pneumonia, for which clinical correlation is recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-3756] no acute osseous abnormality. stable scattered endplate degenerative changes and osteophyte formation in the thoracic spine. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary or osseous process
[Record ID: OpenI-3757] no acute osseous abnormality. stable scattered endplate degenerative changes and osteophyte formation in the thoracic spine. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary or osseous process
[Record ID: OpenI-3758] there is a focal area of opacity in the right midlung zone. this was not present on the recent prior study. there is prominence of the pulmonary markings throughout and there are small bilateral pleural effusions. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there is a prosthetic valve. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. focal opacity in the right midlung zone worrisome for pneumonitis. mild pulmonary vascular congestion
[Record ID: OpenI-3759] there is a focal area of opacity in the right midlung zone. this was not present on the recent prior study. there is prominence of the pulmonary markings throughout and there are small bilateral pleural effusions. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there is a prosthetic valve. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. focal opacity in the right midlung zone worrisome for pneumonitis. mild pulmonary vascular congestion
[Record ID: OpenI-3760] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. oval sclerotic density projecting over the inferior right glenoid may represent synovial osteochondromatosis or cortical. this is unchanged 31 17. the remaining osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are unremarkable in appearance. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3761] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. oval sclerotic density projecting over the inferior right glenoid may represent synovial osteochondromatosis or cortical. this is unchanged 31 17. the remaining osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are unremarkable in appearance. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3762] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3763] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3764] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. interval placement of right humeral prosthesis, incompletely evaluated. incompletely evaluated the lumbar spine fusion. cholecystectomy. interval placement of right humeral orthopedic, incompletely evaluated. if attention is desired to this area, consider dedicated shoulder
[Record ID: OpenI-3765] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. interval placement of right humeral prosthesis, incompletely evaluated. incompletely evaluated the lumbar spine fusion. cholecystectomy. interval placement of right humeral orthopedic, incompletely evaluated. if attention is desired to this area, consider dedicated shoulder
[Record ID: OpenI-3766] the heart size and pulmonary vascular appear within normal limits. the lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. calcified lymph and granuloma are noted. no acute appearing focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3767] the heart size and pulmonary vascular appear within normal limits. the lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. calcified lymph and granuloma are noted. no acute appearing focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3768] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3769] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3770] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3771] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3772] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. a large hiatal hernia is noted. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3773] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. a large hiatal hernia is noted. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3774] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. no evidence of active tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-3775] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. no evidence of active tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-3776] heart size appears upper limits of normal. tortuous aorta. otherwise normal mediastinum. confluent and opacities seen within the left base. there are no visible nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. left basilar mixed interstitial and alveolar infiltrate. interval followup to resolution is recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-3777] heart size appears upper limits of normal. tortuous aorta. otherwise normal mediastinum. confluent and opacities seen within the left base. there are no visible nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. left basilar mixed interstitial and alveolar infiltrate. interval followup to resolution is recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-3778] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3779] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3780] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3781] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3782] the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. surgical clips are identified in the mediastinum. pleural spaces are clear. soft tissue previously noted along the right lateral chest wall has resolved. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3783] the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. surgical clips are identified in the mediastinum. pleural spaces are clear. soft tissue previously noted along the right lateral chest wall has resolved. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3784] no unusual findings. heart upper limits normal. lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3785] no unusual findings. heart upper limits normal. lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3786] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiac abnormality. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no active infectioustuberculous process
[Record ID: OpenI-3787] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiac abnormality. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no active infectioustuberculous process
[Record ID: OpenI-3788] there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. there are mild thoracic spine degenerative changes. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3789] there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. there are mild thoracic spine degenerative changes. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3790] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3791] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3792] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and unchanged from prior examinations with sternotomy and surgical clips overlying. there is blunting of the right costophrenic which appears unchanged from prior examination and may be secondary to scarring or pleural thickening of the right lung base. there is no evidence of acute infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. hyperexpanded lung. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3793] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and unchanged from prior examinations with sternotomy and surgical clips overlying. there is blunting of the right costophrenic which appears unchanged from prior examination and may be secondary to scarring or pleural thickening of the right lung base. there is no evidence of acute infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. hyperexpanded lung. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3794] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-3795] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-3796] the lateral view is degraded by patient motion. lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. mildly limited study with lungs grossly clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3797] the lateral view is degraded by patient motion. lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. mildly limited study with lungs grossly clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3798] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. negative chest. no evidence of pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3799] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. negative chest. no evidence of pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-3800] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. mild hyperinflation appears similar to prior. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3801] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. mild hyperinflation appears similar to prior. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3802] mediastinal contours are normal. no significant change in pneumothorax or right pleural fluid. no significant change in right pneumothorax or pleural fluid
[Record ID: OpenI-3803] mediastinal contours are normal. no significant change in pneumothorax or right pleural fluid. no significant change in right pneumothorax or pleural fluid
[Record ID: OpenI-3804] heart size is normal. stable mediastinal contour. no focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. mild thoracic spine degenerative change. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3805] heart size is normal. stable mediastinal contour. no focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. mild thoracic spine degenerative change. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3806] no findings. calcified granulomas. no suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-3807] no findings. calcified granulomas. no suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-3808] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications are present. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact. prior cholecystectomy. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3809] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications are present. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact. prior cholecystectomy. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3810] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no interval change in the appearance of the opacities in the bilateral lower lobes. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no interval change in the appearance of the opacities in the bilateral lower lobes
[Record ID: OpenI-3811] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no interval change in the appearance of the opacities in the bilateral lower lobes. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no interval change in the appearance of the opacities in the bilateral lower lobes
[Record ID: OpenI-3812] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no interval change in the appearance of the opacities in the bilateral lower lobes. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no interval change in the appearance of the opacities in the bilateral lower lobes
[Record ID: OpenI-3813] no unusual findings. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of metastasis. no of active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3814] no unusual findings. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of metastasis. no of active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3815] a right internal jugular this catheter has been exchanged for a large left internal jugular central venous catheter with the tip at the cavoatrial junction. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. stable thoracolumbar scoliosis. no acute bone findings. stable cardiomegaly. interval central catheter exchange. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-3816] a right internal jugular this catheter has been exchanged for a large left internal jugular central venous catheter with the tip at the cavoatrial junction. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. stable thoracolumbar scoliosis. no acute bone findings. stable cardiomegaly. interval central catheter exchange. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-3817] mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3818] mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3819] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3820] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3821] no findings. very low lung volumes, bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar areas of atelectasis. no lobar consolidation. no appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits
[Record ID: OpenI-3822] no findings. very low lung volumes, bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar areas of atelectasis. no lobar consolidation. no appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits
[Record ID: OpenI-3823] cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3824] cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3825] no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. no acute focal space opacities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3826] no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. no acute focal space opacities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3827] no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. no acute focal space opacities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3828] heart size is normal. low lung volumes. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures grossly intact. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3829] heart size is normal. low lung volumes. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures grossly intact. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3830] cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. no visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3831] cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. no visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3832] chest. heart size is normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. there is a 13 mm nodule in the right lower lobe that is relatively dense, but not obviously calcified on the corresponding rib series. there are probably right hilar calcified lymph. lungs otherwise are clear. there is no pleural effusion. left ribs. no fracture or focal bony destruction. chest. large nodule at the right lung base that probably represents a granuloma although not it is not densely calcified. a low kv p chest radiograph can be obtained for confirmation as a there are no comparison studies available in the. if the patient has an outside chest radiograph, comparison can be and the report addended. ribs. normal. critical result notification documented through primordial. if there are questions regarding this interpretation, please
[Record ID: OpenI-3833] chest. heart size is normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. there is a 13 mm nodule in the right lower lobe that is relatively dense, but not obviously calcified on the corresponding rib series. there are probably right hilar calcified lymph. lungs otherwise are clear. there is no pleural effusion. left ribs. no fracture or focal bony destruction. chest. large nodule at the right lung base that probably represents a granuloma although not it is not densely calcified. a low kv p chest radiograph can be obtained for confirmation as a there are no comparison studies available in the. if the patient has an outside chest radiograph, comparison can be and the report addended. ribs. normal. critical result notification documented through primordial. if there are questions regarding this interpretation, please
[Record ID: OpenI-3834] no findings. 3 cm calcified right paratracheal lymph node. this most due to old histoplasmosis. heart size is normal. lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3835] no findings. 3 cm calcified right paratracheal lymph node. this most due to old histoplasmosis. heart size is normal. lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3836] lung volumes are. opacities are present in both lung bases. a hiatal hernia is present. heart and pulmonary are normal. hypoinflation with bibasilar focal atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-3837] lung volumes are. opacities are present in both lung bases. a hiatal hernia is present. heart and pulmonary are normal. hypoinflation with bibasilar focal atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-3838] no findings. there is a large masslike opacity in the right lung base which may represent a lung cancer. additional evaluation advised. right hilum appears prominent and may contain some enlarged lymph. some calcified granulomas are seen with within the right lung. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-3839] no findings. there is a large masslike opacity in the right lung base which may represent a lung cancer. additional evaluation advised. right hilum appears prominent and may contain some enlarged lymph. some calcified granulomas are seen with within the right lung. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-3840] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3841] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3842] the lungs are hyperexpanded, consistent with copd. mild cardiomegaly. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. aortic calcifications consistent with atherosclerotic disease. no focal lung consolidation. copd
[Record ID: OpenI-3843] the lungs are hyperexpanded, consistent with copd. mild cardiomegaly. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. aortic calcifications consistent with atherosclerotic disease. no focal lung consolidation. copd
[Record ID: OpenI-3844] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3845] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3846] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size in appearance and stable from. the lungs are clear. soft tissues and bony structures are unremarkable. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable examination of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3847] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size in appearance and stable from. the lungs are clear. soft tissues and bony structures are unremarkable. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable examination of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3848] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are present within the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3849] mild cardiomegaly. normal pulmonary vascularity. tortuosity of the descending aorta. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-3850] mild cardiomegaly. normal pulmonary vascularity. tortuosity of the descending aorta. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-3851] no findings. stable rightsided subclavian central venous catheter with tip approximating the svc. stable right suprahilar opacity, compatible with history of right upper lobe mass. elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. rightsided pneumothorax noted measuring approximately 8 cm from the the right apex. stable postsurgical changes left axilla. degenerative changes thoracic spine. stable streaky opacities right base. opacity right midlung, question fluid level, incompletely evaluated, no recent for comparison
[Record ID: OpenI-3852] no findings. stable rightsided subclavian central venous catheter with tip approximating the svc. stable right suprahilar opacity, compatible with history of right upper lobe mass. elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. rightsided pneumothorax noted measuring approximately 8 cm from the the right apex. stable postsurgical changes left axilla. degenerative changes thoracic spine. stable streaky opacities right base. opacity right midlung, question fluid level, incompletely evaluated, no recent for comparison
[Record ID: OpenI-3853] there are changes of sternotomy and cabg. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3854] there are changes of sternotomy and cabg. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3855] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3856] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3857] stable, nonenlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. left upper lobe calcified granuloma noted. epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes. interval increased bilateral interstitial opacities, with probable left lower lobe infiltrate. stable, nonenlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. left upper lobe calcified granuloma noted. epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes. interval increased bilateral interstitial opacities, with probable left lower lobe infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-3858] stable, nonenlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. left upper lobe calcified granuloma noted. epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes. interval increased bilateral interstitial opacities, with probable left lower lobe infiltrate. stable, nonenlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. left upper lobe calcified granuloma noted. epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes. interval increased bilateral interstitial opacities, with probable left lower lobe infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-3859] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear of pneumonia. patient has stable interstitial fibrotic changes throughout both lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3860] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear of pneumonia. patient has stable interstitial fibrotic changes throughout both lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3861] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3862] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3863] normal cardiac size and contour, unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary. lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no active or acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3864] normal cardiac size and contour, unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary. lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no active or acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3865] the lungs are clear. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. and soft tissues are unremarkable. probable nerve stimulator noted. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3866] the patient is rotated. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal airspace opacities. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3867] the patient is rotated. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal airspace opacities. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3868] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3869] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3870] there is distortion of the right hilum which may be postsurgical versus neoplastic. volume loss of the right hand side. there is no evidence of focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal heart size. question prior right upper lobe resection, no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3871] there is distortion of the right hilum which may be postsurgical versus neoplastic. volume loss of the right hand side. there is no evidence of focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal heart size. question prior right upper lobe resection, no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3872] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3873] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3874] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3875] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3876] bilateral patchy pulmonary opacities noted. interval improvement in left base consolidative opacity. pulmonary vascular congestion again noted. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable left. no evidence of pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. interval improvement in consolidative left base opacity. multifocal scattered bibasilar patchy and pulmonary opacities again noted, most consistent with atelectasisinfiltrate. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable pulmonary vascular congestion
[Record ID: OpenI-3877] bilateral patchy pulmonary opacities noted. interval improvement in left base consolidative opacity. pulmonary vascular congestion again noted. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable left. no evidence of pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. interval improvement in consolidative left base opacity. multifocal scattered bibasilar patchy and pulmonary opacities again noted, most consistent with atelectasisinfiltrate. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable pulmonary vascular congestion
[Record ID: OpenI-3878] lung volumes remain low. no infiltrates. heart and pulmonary remain normal. change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3879] lung volumes remain low. no infiltrates. heart and pulmonary remain normal. change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3880] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. left pleural effusion is present. a mass density is present in the left midlung zone. this measures approximately 2 cm in diameter. airfluid level is present behind the heart which probably represents a hiatal hernia. some of right lung atelectasis are noted. osteopenia and deformities are present in the spine. multiple surgical clips are noted. no pneumothorax is seen. left midlung mass. left base effusion. probable hiatal hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-3881] the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. multilevel flowing anterior thoracic spine osteophytes, which could represent changes of diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis dish. there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3882] the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. multilevel flowing anterior thoracic spine osteophytes, which could represent changes of diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis dish. there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3883] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are stable. aortic calcifications are noted. there are small calcified lymph. emphysema and chronic changes are identified. there is opacity in the left perihilar upper lobe. there is questionable extension to the pleural surface. this may represent acute infiltrate or developing density. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. left midlung opacity may be secondary to acute infectious process or developing mass lesion. followup to resolution is recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-3884] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are stable. aortic calcifications are noted. there are small calcified lymph. emphysema and chronic changes are identified. there is opacity in the left perihilar upper lobe. there is questionable extension to the pleural surface. this may represent acute infiltrate or developing density. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. left midlung opacity may be secondary to acute infectious process or developing mass lesion. followup to resolution is recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-3885] chest. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. right knee. there has been prior ligamentous repair. there is tricompartmental joint space narrowing and marginal osteophyte formation which is severe in the medial compartment. no knee joint effusion. no fractures or dislocations. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. right knee. stable advanced degenerative changes, most severe in the medial compartment
[Record ID: OpenI-3886] chest. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. right knee. there has been prior ligamentous repair. there is tricompartmental joint space narrowing and marginal osteophyte formation which is severe in the medial compartment. no knee joint effusion. no fractures or dislocations. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. right knee. stable advanced degenerative changes, most severe in the medial compartment
[Record ID: OpenI-3887] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3888] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3889] heart size is normal. no large effusions. no focal airspace opacities. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3890] heart size is normal. no large effusions. no focal airspace opacities. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-3891] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild patchy right upper lobe opacities, similar to slightly improved from. left lung clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. persistent mild right upper lobe infiltrate, similar to slightly improved from. left lung grossly clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3892] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild patchy right upper lobe opacities, similar to slightly improved from. left lung clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. persistent mild right upper lobe infiltrate, similar to slightly improved from. left lung grossly clear
[Record ID: OpenI-3893] frontal view kyphotic and rotated, low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. otherwise, no definite airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. accounting for technical factors heart size borderline enlarged. low lung volumes, otherwise, no definite acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3894] frontal view kyphotic and rotated, low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. otherwise, no definite airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. accounting for technical factors heart size borderline enlarged. low lung volumes, otherwise, no definite acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3895] pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is asymmetric opacity to left suprahilar chest. no discrete correlate is seen on lateral view. findings may reflect focal airspace disease or adenopathy. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. asymmetric left suprahilar opacity, consider focal airspace disease or adenopathy. correlate clinically as to or symptoms of infection. recommend followup radiograph to document resolution
[Record ID: OpenI-3896] pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is asymmetric opacity to left suprahilar chest. no discrete correlate is seen on lateral view. findings may reflect focal airspace disease or adenopathy. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. asymmetric left suprahilar opacity, consider focal airspace disease or adenopathy. correlate clinically as to or symptoms of infection. recommend followup radiograph to document resolution
[Record ID: OpenI-3897] heart, mediastinum,, bony structures are unremarkable. stable increased lung volumes consistent with chronic lung disease. no infiltrates noted. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3898] heart, mediastinum,, bony structures are unremarkable. stable increased lung volumes consistent with chronic lung disease. no infiltrates noted. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3899] heart size remains slightly large. pulmonary are normal. aorta tortuous. change. no active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3900] heart size remains slightly large. pulmonary are normal. aorta tortuous. change. no active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3901] heart size mildly to moderately enlarged. mild right hemidiaphragm elevation with mild bronchovascular crowding, right greater than left, indistinct vascular margination. no definite focal alveolar consolidation, no pleural effusion demonstrated. cardiomegaly indistinct vascular margination which may be secondary to bronchovascular crowding however differential diagnosis includes mild pulmonary edema, atypical infection, inflammation
[Record ID: OpenI-3902] heart size mildly to moderately enlarged. mild right hemidiaphragm elevation with mild bronchovascular crowding, right greater than left, indistinct vascular margination. no definite focal alveolar consolidation, no pleural effusion demonstrated. cardiomegaly indistinct vascular margination which may be secondary to bronchovascular crowding however differential diagnosis includes mild pulmonary edema, atypical infection, inflammation
[Record ID: OpenI-3903] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute, displaced rib fractures identified. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3904] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute, displaced rib fractures identified. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3905] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. the previously seen right upper lobe mass lesion is not seen in study. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3906] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. the previously seen right upper lobe mass lesion is not seen in study. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3907] two leftsided chest tubes again noted. interval improved aeration of the left lung compared to prior. interval improvement in left lung pleural fluid. right lung clear. endotracheal tube noted with tip approximately 5 cm above the carina. left internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the high svc. no evidence of pneumothorax. interval improvement in aeration of left lung with interval reduction in size of left pleural effusion. persistent patchy left lung airspace disease is noted. stable leftsided chest tubes
[Record ID: OpenI-3908] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. pectus deformity is noted. left ij duallumen catheter is visualized without pneumothorax. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3909] three images submitted. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3910] three images submitted. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3911] normal heart size. clear lungs. multilevel degenerative disc disease with mild dextrocurvature near the thoracolumbar junction. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-3912] normal heart size. clear lungs. multilevel degenerative disc disease with mild dextrocurvature near the thoracolumbar junction. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-3913] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3914] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-3915] the pulmonary nodules and masses masses on previous exam are smaller and not definitely seen. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size normal. no pneumothorax. there is a right chest with tip projecting over the lower svc. interval decrease in size of numerous pulmonary nodules and masses. no nodules or masses are definitely seen on radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-3916] the pulmonary nodules and masses masses on previous exam are smaller and not definitely seen. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size normal. no pneumothorax. there is a right chest with tip projecting over the lower svc. interval decrease in size of numerous pulmonary nodules and masses. no nodules or masses are definitely seen on radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-3917] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. first rib fracture not well demonstrated on study. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3918] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. first rib fracture not well demonstrated on study. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3919] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3920] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3921] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3922] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3923] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. stent is noted in the abdomen. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. calcified granuloma are noted. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3924] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. stent is noted in the abdomen. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. calcified granuloma are noted. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3925] heart size mildly to moderately enlarged, distal tip duallumen catheter near the caval atrial junction. mild vascular cephalization, no definite interstitial changes of pulmonary edema, no focal alveolar consolidation. no pleural effusion demonstrated. mild to moderate cardiomegaly. vascular redistribution without definite findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-3926] heart size mildly to moderately enlarged, distal tip duallumen catheter near the caval atrial junction. mild vascular cephalization, no definite interstitial changes of pulmonary edema, no focal alveolar consolidation. no pleural effusion demonstrated. mild to moderate cardiomegaly. vascular redistribution without definite findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-3927] the heart size is enlarged. tortuous aorta. otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. cardiomegaly without lung infiltrates
[Record ID: OpenI-3928] the heart size is enlarged. tortuous aorta. otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. cardiomegaly without lung infiltrates
[Record ID: OpenI-3929] no findings. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. subtle airspace density within the medial right lung base, not obscuring the right heart. this may represent focal right lower lobe pneumonia given history. left lung clear. no effusions. no pneumothorax. skeletal structures unremarkable
[Record ID: OpenI-3930] no findings. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. subtle airspace density within the medial right lung base, not obscuring the right heart. this may represent focal right lower lobe pneumonia given history. left lung clear. no effusions. no pneumothorax. skeletal structures unremarkable
[Record ID: OpenI-3931] no findings. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. tortuous aorta. low lung volumes and left basilar bandlike opacities suggestive of scarring or atelectasis. no overt edema. question small right pleural effusion versus pleural thickening. no visible pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-3932] no findings. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. tortuous aorta. low lung volumes and left basilar bandlike opacities suggestive of scarring or atelectasis. no overt edema. question small right pleural effusion versus pleural thickening. no visible pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-3933] there are low volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal infiltrate or effusion. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. no displaced fracture identified. low volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3934] there are low volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal infiltrate or effusion. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. no displaced fracture identified. low volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3935] redemonstration of colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum. there are increased bibasilar airspace opacities, left greater than right. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bibasilar airspace disease left greater than right. stable postsurgical changes with colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum
[Record ID: OpenI-3936] redemonstration of colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum. there are increased bibasilar airspace opacities, left greater than right. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bibasilar airspace disease left greater than right. stable postsurgical changes with colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum
[Record ID: OpenI-3937] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. leftsided picc line has been placed in the interval with tip in the innominate vein. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. interval placement of leftsided picc line with tip in the innominate vein
[Record ID: OpenI-3938] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. leftsided picc line has been placed in the interval with tip in the innominate vein. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. interval placement of leftsided picc line with tip in the innominate vein
[Record ID: OpenI-3939] no findings. wellexpanded and clear lungs. conspicuous for size 34 mm nodular opacity projecting in right lung is probably a small calcified granuloma. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-3940] no findings. wellexpanded and clear lungs. conspicuous for size 34 mm nodular opacity projecting in right lung is probably a small calcified granuloma. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-3941] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process. no evidence of active tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-3942] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process. no evidence of active tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-3943] endotracheal tube and ng tube have been removed. mild patchy bilateral airspace disease. there are small bilateral pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinum are stable with normal size heart. degenerative changes in the spine. small bilateral pleural effusions with a few scattered areas of patchy bilateral airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3944] endotracheal tube and ng tube have been removed. mild patchy bilateral airspace disease. there are small bilateral pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinum are stable with normal size heart. degenerative changes in the spine. small bilateral pleural effusions with a few scattered areas of patchy bilateral airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3945] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3946] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3947] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3948] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3949] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3950] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3951] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. no interval change in the diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and left lung base. these opacities appear slightly increased as compared to prior examination. mild leftsided volume loss redemonstrated, unchanged. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. slight interval worsening of the diffusely increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and the left lung base. these findings are most consistent with slight interval worsening of the patients known interstitial lung disease. stable, mild leftsided volume loss
[Record ID: OpenI-3952] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. no interval change in the diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and left lung base. these opacities appear slightly increased as compared to prior examination. mild leftsided volume loss redemonstrated, unchanged. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. slight interval worsening of the diffusely increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and the left lung base. these findings are most consistent with slight interval worsening of the patients known interstitial lung disease. stable, mild leftsided volume loss
[Record ID: OpenI-3953] heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lung. lungs are clear bilaterally otherwise. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3954] heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lung. lungs are clear bilaterally otherwise. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3955] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged with a cardiothoracic ratio of 2 diffuse coarse interstitial opacity seen throughout the lungs with perihilar and lower lobe predominance. there is right greater than left bibasilar consolidation. there are small pleural effusions, right larger than left. no evidence of pneumothorax. dense atherosclerotic calcification seen involving the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta. enlarged cardiac silhouette with coarse perihilar and lower lobe interstitial opacities may be due to diffuse infection or heart failure. small pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-3956] mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3957] mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3958] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3959] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3960] right lower lobe calcified granuloma. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary inability
[Record ID: OpenI-3961] right lower lobe calcified granuloma. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary inability
[Record ID: OpenI-3962] no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. normal heart size. tortuous and dilated aorta. chronic interstitial markings. left base opacity. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. left basilar airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3963] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. multiple calcified granulomas identified bilaterally. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3964] no findings. heart size normal. lungs are clear. bilateral nipple shadows. right paratracheal calcifications due to old histoplasmosis. overlies the common bile duct
[Record ID: OpenI-3965] no findings. heart size normal. lungs are clear. bilateral nipple shadows. right paratracheal calcifications due to old histoplasmosis. overlies the common bile duct
[Record ID: OpenI-3966] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3967] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3968] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3969] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3970] no findings. apical lordotic frontal view. heart size near top normal limits, aortic calcifications and ectasiatortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-3971] no findings. apical lordotic frontal view. heart size near top normal limits, aortic calcifications and ectasiatortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-3972] no findings. extensive postop changes right upper chest wall. air collection with airfluid level is seen in the right medial apical region projecting into the level of thoracic inlet, within the pleural space. some mild right pleural thickening versus effusion. no acute airspace disease. mediastinal contour stable
[Record ID: OpenI-3973] no findings. extensive postop changes right upper chest wall. air collection with airfluid level is seen in the right medial apical region projecting into the level of thoracic inlet, within the pleural space. some mild right pleural thickening versus effusion. no acute airspace disease. mediastinal contour stable
[Record ID: OpenI-3974] no findings. some opacities left mid lung compatible with focal subsegmental atelectasisscarring. no acute airspace disease or effusions. heart appears prominent. some tortuosity thoracic aorta. midline retrocardiac opacity suggestive of a small hiatal hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-3975] heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3976] heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-3977] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there is redemonstration of a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3978] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there is redemonstration of a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-3979] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. there is a rounded lucency seen above the diaphragm on lateral view, suggestive of small hiatal hernia. visualized osseous structures appear intact. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine seen. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. small hiatal hernia noted
[Record ID: OpenI-3980] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. there is a rounded lucency seen above the diaphragm on lateral view, suggestive of small hiatal hernia. visualized osseous structures appear intact. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine seen. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. small hiatal hernia noted
[Record ID: OpenI-3981] heart is normal in size. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute or destructive bone abnormality. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3982] heart is normal in size. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute or destructive bone abnormality. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-3983] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3984] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3985] stable right upper lobe calcified granuloma. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. normal heart size and pulmonary vasculature. are grossly intact. no thoracic fractures. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3986] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. biapical scarring noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. hyperexpanded lungs without focal air space disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3987] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. biapical scarring noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. hyperexpanded lungs without focal air space disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3988] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild hyperinflation is noted. there are granulomatous sequela. no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion are noted. the costophrenic are excluded. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3989] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild hyperinflation is noted. there are granulomatous sequela. no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion are noted. the costophrenic are excluded. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3990] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild hyperinflation is noted. there are granulomatous sequela. no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion are noted. the costophrenic are excluded. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3991] low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there has been interval development of multiple healed left rib fractures. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3992] low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there has been interval development of multiple healed left rib fractures. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-3993] there is a rounded opacity in the right lower zone measuring 0 cm which is to be in the posterobasal segment. there is of uncertain etiology but would benefit from followup at some concern for neoplasm. a is recommended. no airspace disease, effusion or cavitary nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits. 2 cm noncalcified nodule in the right lower lobe would benefit from a
[Record ID: OpenI-3994] there is a rounded opacity in the right lower zone measuring 0 cm which is to be in the posterobasal segment. there is of uncertain etiology but would benefit from followup at some concern for neoplasm. a is recommended. no airspace disease, effusion or cavitary nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits. 2 cm noncalcified nodule in the right lower lobe would benefit from a
[Record ID: OpenI-3995] normal heart size mediastinal contours. subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring in the right midlung and left lower lobe. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. low lung volumes. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. low lung volumes with patchy bilateral scarring versus atelectasis. otherwise, no acute or pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3996] normal heart size mediastinal contours. subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring in the right midlung and left lower lobe. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. low lung volumes. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. low lung volumes with patchy bilateral scarring versus atelectasis. otherwise, no acute or pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3997] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3998] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-3999] no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal cardiac contour. clear lungs bilaterally. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4000] compared to prior examination from, there has been extubation and removal of central line and enteric tube. stable cardiomegaly and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. left basilar opacity represents chronic fibrosisscar. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4001] compared to prior examination from, there has been extubation and removal of central line and enteric tube. stable cardiomegaly and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. left basilar opacity represents chronic fibrosisscar. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4002] pa and moderate loss of the chest demonstrate stable moderate cardiomediastinal silhouette with atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic and mild aortic ectasia. emphysematous changes with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. blunting of the costophrenic, and secondary to scarringemphysematous changes. no evidence of focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact. emphysematous changes without evidence of focal airspace disease or pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-4003] pa and moderate loss of the chest demonstrate stable moderate cardiomediastinal silhouette with atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic and mild aortic ectasia. emphysematous changes with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. blunting of the costophrenic, and secondary to scarringemphysematous changes. no evidence of focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact. emphysematous changes without evidence of focal airspace disease or pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-4004] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable. there is evidence of granulomatous disease. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4005] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable. there is evidence of granulomatous disease. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4006] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. there has been interval development of some bandlike opacities in left base. these appear to be located in the lingula. the remainder of the lungs appear clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. opacities in the lingula. the appearance scarring or atelectasis. since the earlier study
[Record ID: OpenI-4007] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. there has been interval development of some bandlike opacities in left base. these appear to be located in the lingula. the remainder of the lungs appear clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. opacities in the lingula. the appearance scarring or atelectasis. since the earlier study
[Record ID: OpenI-4008] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules of varying sizes. the largest is noted in the left lower lobe, posteriorly measuring approximately 0 cm. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are appreciated. numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules with dominant nodulemass in the left lower lung. diagnostic considerations would include primary lung carcinoma with metastatic nodules versus secondary metastatic disease from known brain tumor. suggest clinical correlation and further imaging examination
[Record ID: OpenI-4009] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules of varying sizes. the largest is noted in the left lower lobe, posteriorly measuring approximately 0 cm. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are appreciated. numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules with dominant nodulemass in the left lower lung. diagnostic considerations would include primary lung carcinoma with metastatic nodules versus secondary metastatic disease from known brain tumor. suggest clinical correlation and further imaging examination
[Record ID: OpenI-4010] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. closure device demonstrated projecting over the right heart. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4011] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. closure device demonstrated projecting over the right heart. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4012] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4013] 2 images. heart size upper limits of normal. mediastinal contours are maintained. the patient is mildly rotated. there is a small to moderate sized right apical pneumothorax which measures approximately 0 cm. no focal airspace consolidation is seen. left chest is clear. no definite displaced bony injury is seen. results called. p.m. small to moderate right apical pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4014] 2 images. heart size upper limits of normal. mediastinal contours are maintained. the patient is mildly rotated. there is a small to moderate sized right apical pneumothorax which measures approximately 0 cm. no focal airspace consolidation is seen. left chest is clear. no definite displaced bony injury is seen. results called. p.m. small to moderate right apical pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4015] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. prominent left epicardial fat. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4016] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. prominent left epicardial fat. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4017] normal cardiomediastinal contours. hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the diaphragm. no focal lung consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4018] normal cardiomediastinal contours. hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the diaphragm. no focal lung consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4019] no pleural effusion no pneumothorax. normal cardiac contour. no focal consolidation. lungs clear bilaterally. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4020] no pleural effusion no pneumothorax. normal cardiac contour. no focal consolidation. lungs clear bilaterally. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4021] there is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lung zone. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is hyperinflation. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal for age. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4022] there is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lung zone. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is hyperinflation. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal for age. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4023] the lateral view is nondiagnostic due to patient positioning. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. technically limited exam. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4024] the lateral view is nondiagnostic due to patient positioning. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. technically limited exam. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4025] heart, mediastinum,, bony structures and lung are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4026] mild dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal in size and appearance. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation of the to be grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4027] mild dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal in size and appearance. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation of the to be grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4028] redemonstration of moderatelyinflated lungs, consistent with copd and unchanged. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic seen. no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits. moderately hyperinflated lung, otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4029] redemonstration of moderatelyinflated lungs, consistent with copd and unchanged. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic seen. no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits. moderately hyperinflated lung, otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4030] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. low lung volumes. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4031] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. low lung volumes. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4032] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4033] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4034] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4035] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4036] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4037] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4038] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4039] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. there is hiatal hernia. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4040] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. there is hiatal hernia. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4041] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4042] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4043] heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4044] heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4045] stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. left basilar airspace opacity secondary to epicardial fat and overlying soft tissues. dish of the thoracic spine is noted. otherwise, visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. stable cardiomegaly. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4046] stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. left basilar airspace opacity secondary to epicardial fat and overlying soft tissues. dish of the thoracic spine is noted. otherwise, visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. stable cardiomegaly. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4047] lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4048] lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4049] there is stable cardiomegaly. aorta is calcified and tortuous. there are multiple pleural calcifications representing prior asbestos exposure. these appear unchanged. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace consolidation. cardiomegaly and findings of prior asbestos exposure without interval acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4050] heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4051] heart size is mildly enlarged. there are diffusely increased interstitial opacities bilaterally. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. findings concerning for interstitial edema or infection
[Record ID: OpenI-4052] heart size is mildly enlarged. there are diffusely increased interstitial opacities bilaterally. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. findings concerning for interstitial edema or infection
[Record ID: OpenI-4053] heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no upper lobe airspace disease or cavitary lesions identified. no acute abnormality. no evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-4054] heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no upper lobe airspace disease or cavitary lesions identified. no acute abnormality. no evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-4055] mild hypoventilation with bronchovascular crowding and prominent central and basilar interstitial markings. no focal alveolar consolidation, no pleural effusion demonstrated. considering technical factors heart size within normal limits. prominent interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases which may be secondary to low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding, differential considerations include interstitial infiltrates of inflammatory or infectious etiology and mild pulmonary edema. clinical correlation is recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-4056] mild hypoventilation with bronchovascular crowding and prominent central and basilar interstitial markings. no focal alveolar consolidation, no pleural effusion demonstrated. considering technical factors heart size within normal limits. prominent interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases which may be secondary to low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding, differential considerations include interstitial infiltrates of inflammatory or infectious etiology and mild pulmonary edema. clinical correlation is recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-4057] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4058] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4059] the lungs are hyperexpanded, with increased ap diameter of the chest. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and normal. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. chronic changes consistent with emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-4060] the lungs are hyperexpanded, with increased ap diameter of the chest. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and normal. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. chronic changes consistent with emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-4061] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4062] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4063] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal airspace disease. left upper lobe granuloma. no evidence of active tuberculosis. stable chronic blunting of the right costophrenic. no pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. specifically, no evidence of active tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-4064] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal airspace disease. left upper lobe granuloma. no evidence of active tuberculosis. stable chronic blunting of the right costophrenic. no pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. specifically, no evidence of active tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-4065] the lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4066] the lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4067] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. innumerable bilateral lung nodules are present. these are seen diffusely throughout both lungs. no superimposed focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. scoliosis is present. continued innumerable bilateral small lung nodules. no change
[Record ID: OpenI-4068] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. innumerable bilateral lung nodules are present. these are seen diffusely throughout both lungs. no superimposed focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. scoliosis is present. continued innumerable bilateral small lung nodules. no change
[Record ID: OpenI-4069] no findings. heart size normal. mildly tortuous aorta. no overt edema. no focal consolidation, no pneumothorax. no significant pleural effusion, though the extreme posterior right sulcus is excluded on the lateral image
[Record ID: OpenI-4070] no findings. heart size normal. mildly tortuous aorta. no overt edema. no focal consolidation, no pneumothorax. no significant pleural effusion, though the extreme posterior right sulcus is excluded on the lateral image
[Record ID: OpenI-4071] no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion identified. stable blunting of the right costophrenic due to pleural thickeningsclerosis. redemonstration and stable appearance of bilateral calcified granulomaslymph. changes in the lungs consistent with copdemphysema. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities identified. opacity in the left apex consistent with radiation change seen on prior ct. no acute cardiopulmonary process identified. specifically, no radiographic evidence of aspiration. stable emphysematous changes, right costophrenic pleural thickening, and bilateral calcified granulomaslymph
[Record ID: OpenI-4072] no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion identified. stable blunting of the right costophrenic due to pleural thickeningsclerosis. redemonstration and stable appearance of bilateral calcified granulomaslymph. changes in the lungs consistent with copdemphysema. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities identified. opacity in the left apex consistent with radiation change seen on prior ct. no acute cardiopulmonary process identified. specifically, no radiographic evidence of aspiration. stable emphysematous changes, right costophrenic pleural thickening, and bilateral calcified granulomaslymph
[Record ID: OpenI-4073] no findings. heart size is within normal limits. mild prominence pulmonary outflow tract otherwise pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. no edema. no lobar consolidation or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. cholecystectomy clips are seen in the right upper abdomen
[Record ID: OpenI-4074] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4075] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4076] no findings. heart size within normal limits, mild aortic ectasiatortuosity. hyperinflated lungs with left perihilar and bibasilar opacities which may be compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense nodules in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. right upper abdominal coiled artifacts, question prior embolization procedure
[Record ID: OpenI-4077] no findings. heart size within normal limits, mild aortic ectasiatortuosity. hyperinflated lungs with left perihilar and bibasilar opacities which may be compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense nodules in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. right upper abdominal coiled artifacts, question prior embolization procedure
[Record ID: OpenI-4078] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4079] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4080] there is mild cardiomegaly. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there are mild opacities bilaterally, favoring scar or atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute, displaced rib fractures are demonstrated. visualized vertebral body are grossly intact. mild cardiomegaly. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically, no displaced rib fractures demonstrated
[Record ID: OpenI-4081] no findings. interstitial airspace opacities in the lower lobes most consistent with atypical infectious process in the setting of. no pleural effusion or visible pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4082] no findings. interstitial airspace opacities in the lower lobes most consistent with atypical infectious process in the setting of. no pleural effusion or visible pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4083] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4084] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4085] cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. stable eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. there is redemonstration without significant interval change of mild subsegmental atelectasis of the left base. pneumonia seen on ct examination dated, not seen on prior chest is not seen either on chest. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4086] cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. stable eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. there is redemonstration without significant interval change of mild subsegmental atelectasis of the left base. pneumonia seen on ct examination dated, not seen on prior chest is not seen either on chest. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4087] no findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. left hilar and medial left base granuloma. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4088] no findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. left hilar and medial left base granuloma. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4089] no findings. heart size within normal limits. dense mitral annular calcification. tortuous and ectatic, atherosclerotic aorta. no edema. lungs mildly hyperinflated. there is left basilar scarring. no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4090] no findings. heart size within normal limits. dense mitral annular calcification. tortuous and ectatic, atherosclerotic aorta. no edema. lungs mildly hyperinflated. there is left basilar scarring. no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4091] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is illdefined airspace opacity in the posterior left lower lobe. there is focal opacity in the right upper lobe which suggests scar andor granulomatous calcification. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. patchy left lower lobe airspace disease, concerning for pneumonia. right upper lobe opacity, favoring scarring andor granulomas
[Record ID: OpenI-4092] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is illdefined airspace opacity in the posterior left lower lobe. there is focal opacity in the right upper lobe which suggests scar andor granulomatous calcification. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. patchy left lower lobe airspace disease, concerning for pneumonia. right upper lobe opacity, favoring scarring andor granulomas
[Record ID: OpenI-4093] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. right chest tip is again seen at the cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. there is again elevation of right hemidiaphragm with rightsided pleural effusion. vague opacities are noted in the right upper lobe, from prior study. these may be related to overlying rib lesions versus true pulmonary nodules. the left lung appears grossly clear. drainage catheter seen overlying the right upper quadrant. redemonstration of elevated right hemidiaphragm with associated basilar airspace disease and effusion. illdefined right upper lung opacities, possibly related to superimposed rib lesions versus developing pulmonary nodules. further imaging of the chest may be indicated
[Record ID: OpenI-4094] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. right chest tip is again seen at the cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. there is again elevation of right hemidiaphragm with rightsided pleural effusion. vague opacities are noted in the right upper lobe, from prior study. these may be related to overlying rib lesions versus true pulmonary nodules. the left lung appears grossly clear. drainage catheter seen overlying the right upper quadrant. redemonstration of elevated right hemidiaphragm with associated basilar airspace disease and effusion. illdefined right upper lung opacities, possibly related to superimposed rib lesions versus developing pulmonary nodules. further imaging of the chest may be indicated
[Record ID: OpenI-4095] no findings. hyperinflated lungs with no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size near top normal limits, aortic calcifications and mild ectasiatortuosity. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. contour irregularity of the left clavicle appears chronic and suggests old injury
[Record ID: OpenI-4096] no findings. hyperinflated lungs with no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size near top normal limits, aortic calcifications and mild ectasiatortuosity. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. contour irregularity of the left clavicle appears chronic and suggests old injury
[Record ID: OpenI-4097] again seen are platelike horizontal opacities in both lung bases through this is consistent with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. there are tspine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there there is no lobar pneumonia. there are calcified right hilar granuloma. there are degenerative changes of the. there is a curvilinear density within and along the right costophrenic sulcus which most represents a skinfold. there is a unchanged fracture with callus at the left 9th lateral rib. unchanged platelike bibasilar opacities most representing scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4098] again seen are platelike horizontal opacities in both lung bases through this is consistent with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. there are tspine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there there is no lobar pneumonia. there are calcified right hilar granuloma. there are degenerative changes of the. there is a curvilinear density within and along the right costophrenic sulcus which most represents a skinfold. there is a unchanged fracture with callus at the left 9th lateral rib. unchanged platelike bibasilar opacities most representing scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4099] normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax, pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. no focal lung consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4100] normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax, pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. no focal lung consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4101] the lungs appear clear. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base and calcified right hilar lymph. this was seen well on prior. there are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence of metastatic disease to the lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4102] the lungs appear clear. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base and calcified right hilar lymph. this was seen well on prior. there are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence of metastatic disease to the lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4103] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4104] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4105] no findings. there is peribronchial cuffing noted on the lateral view with fullness in the perihilar regions, more conspicuous than on the prior study. these can be manifestations of reactive airways disease. there is no lobar pneumonia. lungs are mildly hyperinflated
[Record ID: OpenI-4106] no findings. there is peribronchial cuffing noted on the lateral view with fullness in the perihilar regions, more conspicuous than on the prior study. these can be manifestations of reactive airways disease. there is no lobar pneumonia. lungs are mildly hyperinflated
[Record ID: OpenI-4107] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. there are calcified right hilar granulomas. there is mild thoracic dextroscoliosis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4108] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. there are calcified right hilar granulomas. there is mild thoracic dextroscoliosis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4109] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. sternotomy are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. right lung calcified granulomata are again seen. there is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiothoracic disease or significant interval change
[Record ID: OpenI-4110] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. sternotomy are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. right lung calcified granulomata are again seen. there is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiothoracic disease or significant interval change
[Record ID: OpenI-4111] heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-4112] heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-4113] heart, mediastinum,, bony structures and lung are unremarkable. no significant interval change compared to prior study, no infiltrates noted. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4114] heart, mediastinum,, bony structures and lung are unremarkable. no significant interval change compared to prior study, no infiltrates noted. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4115] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4116] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4117] heart size slightly upper normal. atherosclerotic calcifications within the aorta.. lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change. no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the spine are noted. emphysematous change without acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4118] the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pulmonary nodules are identified. no acute process. no definite pulmonary nodules are seen. if clinically indicated, further evaluation with ct of the thorax can be performed to identify a small nodule. correlation with prior radiographs would be helpful to identify the location of the previously described nodule
[Record ID: OpenI-4119] the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pulmonary nodules are identified. no acute process. no definite pulmonary nodules are seen. if clinically indicated, further evaluation with ct of the thorax can be performed to identify a small nodule. correlation with prior radiographs would be helpful to identify the location of the previously described nodule
[Record ID: OpenI-4120] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. low left paraspinalretrocrural adenopathy is present. this appears unchanged. left paraspinalretrocrural adenopathy
[Record ID: OpenI-4121] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. low left paraspinalretrocrural adenopathy is present. this appears unchanged. left paraspinalretrocrural adenopathy
[Record ID: OpenI-4122] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic are present. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4123] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic are present. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4124] the lungs are hyperexpanded, with flattened diaphragms. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and stable from prior exam. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. chronic changes consistent with emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-4125] the lungs are hyperexpanded, with flattened diaphragms. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and stable from prior exam. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. chronic changes consistent with emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-4126] irregularity within the right apex is consistent with patients known cavitary lesion as a sequela of prior tuberculosis. no evidence of active infection. no focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or effusions identified. paramediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits and no acute bony abnormality is identified. right apical cavitary lesion consistent with history of tuberculosis without active infectious process identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4127] mild cardiomegaly. low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. mild cardiomegaly without heart failure
[Record ID: OpenI-4128] mild cardiomegaly. low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. mild cardiomegaly without heart failure
[Record ID: OpenI-4129] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4130] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4131] no findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. soft tissue density overlying the left lateral upper chest may represent the patients lipoma
[Record ID: OpenI-4132] no findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. soft tissue density overlying the left lateral upper chest may represent the patients lipoma
[Record ID: OpenI-4133] the heart is again mildly enlarged. mediastinal contours are stable. changes of sternotomy and valvuloplasty are noted. left subclavian icd is unchanged in position. lungs are mildly hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic suggesting small bilateral pleural effusions. mild stable cardiomegaly. small bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-4134] no acute osseous abnormality. degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. soft tissue structures are within normal limits. there is stable enlargement of the heart. stable prominent mediastinal contours. central vascular congestion. mildly low lung volumes bilaterally. bibasilar and left perihilar airspace opacities. bilateral pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. bilateral airspace disease. stable enlarged heart and prominent mediastinal contours
[Record ID: OpenI-4135] no acute osseous abnormality. degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. soft tissue structures are within normal limits. there is stable enlargement of the heart. stable prominent mediastinal contours. central vascular congestion. mildly low lung volumes bilaterally. bibasilar and left perihilar airspace opacities. bilateral pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. bilateral airspace disease. stable enlarged heart and prominent mediastinal contours
[Record ID: OpenI-4136] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4137] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4138] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4139] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4140] the examination consists of frontal supine and lateral radiographs of the chest. frontal view is lordotic in projection. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits for supine film. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. there is a calcified granuloma at the left lung base. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute thoracic. chest radiograph is recommended if is not
[Record ID: OpenI-4141] the examination consists of frontal supine and lateral radiographs of the chest. frontal view is lordotic in projection. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits for supine film. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. there is a calcified granuloma at the left lung base. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute thoracic. chest radiograph is recommended if is not
[Record ID: OpenI-4142] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4143] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4144] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4145] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4146] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4147] the heart size size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. illdefined opacity is again noted in the region of the lingula. this is increased since the previous study. the remainder of the lungs appear clear. mild deformity is noted in the midthoracic spine. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. illdefined opacity in the lingula. increased since the previous study. may represent increased atelectasis or scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-4148] the heart size size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. illdefined opacity is again noted in the region of the lingula. this is increased since the previous study. the remainder of the lungs appear clear. mild deformity is noted in the midthoracic spine. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. illdefined opacity in the lingula. increased since the previous study. may represent increased atelectasis or scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-4149] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4150] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4151] calcified granulomas are noted within the lung bases and stable compared with prior study. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. there is no focal opacity. no large pleural effusion. is minimal retrolisthesis of two lower thoracic vertebral bodies. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. retrolisthesis of two lower thoracic vertebral bodies
[Record ID: OpenI-4152] no findings. there is cardiomegaly. lateral view somewhat limited however small bilateral pleural effusions suspected. there is central vascular congestion
[Record ID: OpenI-4153] no findings. there is cardiomegaly. lateral view somewhat limited however small bilateral pleural effusions suspected. there is central vascular congestion
[Record ID: OpenI-4154] the cardiac silhouette is enlarged with no comparison studies. findings are accentuated by low lung volumes and eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm, however, cardiomegaly or less, pericardial effusion is suspected. the lungs are hypoinflated with central bronchovascular crowding but no evidence of overt pulmonary edema. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. patient appears morbidly obese. suspected cardiomegaly, less pericardial effusion. prior comparison studies would be helpful. low lung volumes. no evidence of focal airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4155] the cardiac silhouette is enlarged with no comparison studies. findings are accentuated by low lung volumes and eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm, however, cardiomegaly or less, pericardial effusion is suspected. the lungs are hypoinflated with central bronchovascular crowding but no evidence of overt pulmonary edema. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. patient appears morbidly obese. suspected cardiomegaly, less pericardial effusion. prior comparison studies would be helpful. low lung volumes. no evidence of focal airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4156] no findings. ageindeterminate contour deformity of the right lateral 8th rib, if findings localize to this region, suspect acute fracture. very low lung volumes, central and basilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis. heart size near top normal limits for technique, left infraclavicular cardiac generator with right atrial and right ventricular leads, sternotomy, cabg clips. evaluation for pleural fluid limited but no large pleural effusion seen. no pleural line of pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4157] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4158] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4159] no unusual findings. no pneumothorax or effusion. no pneumonia. heart size normal. lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-4160] no unusual findings. no pneumothorax or effusion. no pneumonia. heart size normal. lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-4161] no unusual findings. heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no lobar consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4162] no unusual findings. heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no lobar consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4163] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are wellaerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4164] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are wellaerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4165] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4166] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4167] no findings. large left pleural effusion with minimal residual left lung aeration. small right pleural effusion. right lung bronchovascular crowding and indistinct vascular margination which may be secondary to crowding, infiltrates or pulmonary edema. limited assessment of heart size due to obscured heart
[Record ID: OpenI-4168] no findings. large left pleural effusion with minimal residual left lung aeration. small right pleural effusion. right lung bronchovascular crowding and indistinct vascular margination which may be secondary to crowding, infiltrates or pulmonary edema. limited assessment of heart size due to obscured heart
[Record ID: OpenI-4169] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4170] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4171] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. no focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4172] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. no focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4173] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4174] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4175] the lungs remain hyperexpanded. there are persistent bilateral lower lobe opacities, subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. no focal infiltrate is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no acute findings. bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-4176] the lungs remain hyperexpanded. there are persistent bilateral lower lobe opacities, subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. no focal infiltrate is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no acute findings. bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-4177] no unusual findings. lungs are clear. no parenchymal infiltrates. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal
[Record ID: OpenI-4178] no unusual findings. lungs are clear. no parenchymal infiltrates. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal
[Record ID: OpenI-4179] the lungs are hypoventilated. there is no focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4180] the lungs are hypoventilated. there is no focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4181] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4182] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4183] lung volumes remain. opacity is present in the right middle lobe. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. continued hypoinflation with right middle lobe focal atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4184] lung volumes remain. opacity is present in the right middle lobe. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. continued hypoinflation with right middle lobe focal atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4185] heart size and pulmonary vasculature are normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax large effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4186] heart size and pulmonary vasculature are normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax large effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4187] no findings. interval improvementresolution right patchy lateral base opacity. there is continued density in the right lateral and left base of the chest with minimal tenting of the lateral right hemidiaphragm. costophrenic blunting may persist but the left costophrenic is clipped from view. there is a right middle base calcific nodular density from old granulomatous disease. mild left apical pleural thickening. and valve. probable prominent epicardial fat pads on either side. thoracic spine dish
[Record ID: OpenI-4188] heart is within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild streaky opacity lateral right lung, atelectasis versus scarring. small streaky opacity lateral right lung, subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-4189] heart is within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild streaky opacity lateral right lung, atelectasis versus scarring. small streaky opacity lateral right lung, subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-4190] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4191] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4192] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. there are 2 right upper lobe lung nodules, the largest measuring approximately 12 mm. lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. right upper lobe lung nodules. recommend
[Record ID: OpenI-4193] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. there are 2 right upper lobe lung nodules, the largest measuring approximately 12 mm. lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. right upper lobe lung nodules. recommend
[Record ID: OpenI-4194] no unusual findings. no comparison chest clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4195] no unusual findings. no comparison chest clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4196] mediastinal contours are normal. blunting of the left costophrenic. increased interstitial opacities.. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. diffuse interstitial lung disease with pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-4197] mediastinal contours are normal. blunting of the left costophrenic. increased interstitial opacities.. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. diffuse interstitial lung disease with pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-4198] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary process. if there is concern for soft tissue bone or bony abnormality of the thorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4199] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary process. if there is concern for soft tissue bone or bony abnormality of the thorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4200] no unusual findings. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4201] no unusual findings. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4202] borderline heart size. the lungs are hyperexpanded and hyperlucent compatible with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. bone demineralization. findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4203] borderline heart size. the lungs are hyperexpanded and hyperlucent compatible with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. bone demineralization. findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4204] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4205] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4206] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4207] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4208] stable heart size. diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities. no pneumothorax. no effusions. no acute bony abnormalities. stable bilateral interstitial opacities, could represent scarring or infiltrate. ct may be helpful to further characterize
[Record ID: OpenI-4209] stable heart size. diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities. no pneumothorax. no effusions. no acute bony abnormalities. stable bilateral interstitial opacities, could represent scarring or infiltrate. ct may be helpful to further characterize
[Record ID: OpenI-4210] the heart is normal in size. prominent right paratracheal soft tissue density. rounded mass in the right middle lobe measures approximately 6 cm x 7 cm. there is mild surrounding airspace disease andor atelectasis. no pleural effusions noted. the visualized bony thorax appears grossly intact. right mid lung mass with mild right paratracheal soft tissue may be secondary to associated lymphadenopathy. further imaging with ct of the chest is recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-4211] the heart is normal in size. prominent right paratracheal soft tissue density. rounded mass in the right middle lobe measures approximately 6 cm x 7 cm. there is mild surrounding airspace disease andor atelectasis. no pleural effusions noted. the visualized bony thorax appears grossly intact. right mid lung mass with mild right paratracheal soft tissue may be secondary to associated lymphadenopathy. further imaging with ct of the chest is recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-4212] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. umbilical piercing. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4213] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. umbilical piercing. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4214] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4215] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4216] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4217] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4218] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is surgical clips projected over the left lung apex, as well as, over the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4219] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is surgical clips projected over the left lung apex, as well as, over the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4220] and lateral views of the chest were obtained on. the lung volumes are normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. the mediastinum and pulmonary are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are seen. end of report
[Record ID: OpenI-4221] and lateral views of the chest were obtained on. the lung volumes are normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. the mediastinum and pulmonary are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are seen. end of report
[Record ID: OpenI-4222] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. there is a 10 nodule in the right apex projecting between the third and fourth posterior ribs. lungs are hyperexpanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. scattered densities throughout the chest from prior gunshot wound. chronic blunting of the costophrenic. healed right 10th and left 9th posterolateral rib fracture. no acute pulmonary abnormality. right apical nodule. further evaluation chest should be considered to exclude the possibility of pulmonary malignancy. chronic findings as discussed below
[Record ID: OpenI-4223] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. there is a 10 nodule in the right apex projecting between the third and fourth posterior ribs. lungs are hyperexpanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. scattered densities throughout the chest from prior gunshot wound. chronic blunting of the costophrenic. healed right 10th and left 9th posterolateral rib fracture. no acute pulmonary abnormality. right apical nodule. further evaluation chest should be considered to exclude the possibility of pulmonary malignancy. chronic findings as discussed below
[Record ID: OpenI-4224] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there is corticated irregularity of the right posterior 5th rib, secondary to old rib fracture. there are no gross acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4225] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there is corticated irregularity of the right posterior 5th rib, secondary to old rib fracture. there are no gross acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4226] there is prominence of the superior mediastinum which may be partially due to patients known thyroid mass. there is increased tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal opacification. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is scoliotic curvature the thoracic spine. no acute bone abnormality. increasing prominence of the superior mediastinum may be secondary to enlarging thyroid mass. with increasing tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and concern for dissection, chest ct is recommended for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-4227] there is prominence of the superior mediastinum which may be partially due to patients known thyroid mass. there is increased tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal opacification. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is scoliotic curvature the thoracic spine. no acute bone abnormality. increasing prominence of the superior mediastinum may be secondary to enlarging thyroid mass. with increasing tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and concern for dissection, chest ct is recommended for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-4228] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified granulomas
[Record ID: OpenI-4229] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified granulomas
[Record ID: OpenI-4230] there is diffuse rightsided airspace disease, with dense consolidation in the right base. a right upper extremity picc is seen with the tip in the right brachiocephalic vein, representing an interval retraction of approximately 6 cm. no pneumothorax or large effusions. heart size within normal limits. multifocal rightsided pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-4231] there is diffuse rightsided airspace disease, with dense consolidation in the right base. a right upper extremity picc is seen with the tip in the right brachiocephalic vein, representing an interval retraction of approximately 6 cm. no pneumothorax or large effusions. heart size within normal limits. multifocal rightsided pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-4232] lung volumes remain. opacities are present in both lower lobes. old rib fractures and pleural thickening are present on the right. heart and pulmonary are normal. hypoinflation with bibasilar focal atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4233] lung volumes remain. opacities are present in both lower lobes. old rib fractures and pleural thickening are present on the right. heart and pulmonary are normal. hypoinflation with bibasilar focal atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4234] no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. scattered bilateral granulomas. patchy left basal airspace opacity. bilateral small effusions. left base opacity may represent early infection or atelectasis. recommend followup pa and lateral chest in 6 weeks to ensure resolution. bilateral small pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-4235] no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. scattered bilateral granulomas. patchy left basal airspace opacity. bilateral small effusions. left base opacity may represent early infection or atelectasis. recommend followup pa and lateral chest in 6 weeks to ensure resolution. bilateral small pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-4236] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are similar to comparison exam and within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4237] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are similar to comparison exam and within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4238] normal cardiac size. normal pulmonary vasculature. no airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax. negative for acute osseous deformity. the thoracic spine has a normal appearance. unremarkable 2 views of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4239] normal cardiac size. normal pulmonary vasculature. no airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax. negative for acute osseous deformity. the thoracic spine has a normal appearance. unremarkable 2 views of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4240] no unusual findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4241] no unusual findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4242] stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. increased interstitial lung markings are seen, possibly due to volume overload. there is improved aeration of the lung bases with small residual left basilar effusion. no focal consolidation or pneumothorax. stable tunneled dialysis catheter. visualized osseous structures appear intact. stable cardiomegaly. improved aeration of lung bases with persistent left basilar effusion. prominent interstitium, possibly due to mild volume overload
[Record ID: OpenI-4243] stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. increased interstitial lung markings are seen, possibly due to volume overload. there is improved aeration of the lung bases with small residual left basilar effusion. no focal consolidation or pneumothorax. stable tunneled dialysis catheter. visualized osseous structures appear intact. stable cardiomegaly. improved aeration of lung bases with persistent left basilar effusion. prominent interstitium, possibly due to mild volume overload
[Record ID: OpenI-4244] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4245] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4246] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4247] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4248] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal. heart size upper limits of normal with clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4249] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal. heart size upper limits of normal with clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4250] cardiomediastinal silhouette is a within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. multiple granulomas. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no acute bony abnormalities. if there is continued concern for occult fracture, consider dedicated rib series
[Record ID: OpenI-4251] cardiomediastinal silhouette is a within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. multiple granulomas. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no acute bony abnormalities. if there is continued concern for occult fracture, consider dedicated rib series
[Record ID: OpenI-4252] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4253] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4254] no unusual findings. winged right scapula consistent with supporting structure soft tissue injury. no visible fractures. no visible cardiopulmonary injury
[Record ID: OpenI-4255] no unusual findings. winged right scapula consistent with supporting structure soft tissue injury. no visible fractures. no visible cardiopulmonary injury
[Record ID: OpenI-4256] lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are surgical clips seen within the upper abdomen. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4257] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is airspace opacity in the mid right lung radiating from the right hilum to the pleura and bordered inferiorly by the fissures. the fissure is convex upward. there is right base patchy airspace opacity. this appears chronic and may be due to scarring. there is no significant pleural effusion. right upper lobe airspace consolidation please correlate clinically for pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-4258] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is airspace opacity in the mid right lung radiating from the right hilum to the pleura and bordered inferiorly by the fissures. the fissure is convex upward. there is right base patchy airspace opacity. this appears chronic and may be due to scarring. there is no significant pleural effusion. right upper lobe airspace consolidation please correlate clinically for pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-4259] no unusual findings. heart size normal and lungs are clear. no edema or pneumonia. no effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-4260] no unusual findings. heart size normal and lungs are clear. no edema or pneumonia. no effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-4261] no findings. cardiomegaly. no infiltrates or effusions. right catheter tip upper svc. the appears to be a normal orientation on the lateral film. there is been no change in position of the catheter since the prior exam
[Record ID: OpenI-4262] lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4263] lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4264] sequelae of old granulomatous disease. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. clear lungs without suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-4265] sequelae of old granulomatous disease. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. clear lungs without suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-4266] the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4267] the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4268] central vascular prominence and diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities. left basilar airspace opacities. no pneumothorax. heart size large. unremarkable. no large pleural effusion. pulmonary edema and left basilar atelectasisairspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4269] central vascular prominence and diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities. left basilar airspace opacities. no pneumothorax. heart size large. unremarkable. no large pleural effusion. pulmonary edema and left basilar atelectasisairspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4270] no findings. streaky opacities in the right lower lobe most suggestive of atelectasis, differential diagnosis includes atypical infection. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-4271] no findings. streaky opacities in the right lower lobe most suggestive of atelectasis, differential diagnosis includes atypical infection. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-4272] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. stable calcified granulomas. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4273] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. stable calcified granulomas. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4274] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4275] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4276] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4277] chest. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size is normal. no focal thoracic bony findings. hand. there is also cortical and trabecular irregularity through the of the scaphoid. there is a small cortical lucency through the base of the fourth metacarpal that may be a vascular. hand minimally displaced fracture through the of the scaphoid. lucency through the base of the fourth metacarpal. this may represent a vascular or if tenderness exists over this location then fracture is more. chest no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4278] chest. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size is normal. no focal thoracic bony findings. hand. there is also cortical and trabecular irregularity through the of the scaphoid. there is a small cortical lucency through the base of the fourth metacarpal that may be a vascular. hand minimally displaced fracture through the of the scaphoid. lucency through the base of the fourth metacarpal. this may represent a vascular or if tenderness exists over this location then fracture is more. chest no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4279] no findings. heart size normal. degenerative spurring of thoracic spine. calcified right and left hilar lymph. there is minimal interstitial nodular opacities in the right and left midlung. this could be consistent with sarcoidosis. the small nodular opacities were present on the old ct scan from
[Record ID: OpenI-4280] no findings. stable 1 cm right apical pneumothorax. minimal atelectasis left base. heart size normal
[Record ID: OpenI-4281] no findings. stable 1 cm right apical pneumothorax. minimal atelectasis left base. heart size normal
[Record ID: OpenI-4282] no unusual findings. the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear unremarkable. the lungs appear clear. the osseous structures are within normal limits
[Record ID: OpenI-4283] no unusual findings. the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear unremarkable. the lungs appear clear. the osseous structures are within normal limits
[Record ID: OpenI-4284] compared to prior examination, stent has been removed. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. stable mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic are noted. there are mildly low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. no acute bony abnormality seen. interval removal of stent without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4285] compared to prior examination, stent has been removed. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. stable mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic are noted. there are mildly low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. no acute bony abnormality seen. interval removal of stent without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4286] low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities, right greater than left. bronchovascular crowding, indistinct central vascular margination. no findings to suggest pleural effusion. accounting for technical factors heart size within normal limits. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding, bibasilar opacities due at in part to atelectasis, infiltrates, pulmonary edema difficult to entirely exclude
[Record ID: OpenI-4287] low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities, right greater than left. bronchovascular crowding, indistinct central vascular margination. no findings to suggest pleural effusion. accounting for technical factors heart size within normal limits. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding, bibasilar opacities due at in part to atelectasis, infiltrates, pulmonary edema difficult to entirely exclude
[Record ID: OpenI-4288] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4289] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4290] the heart is borderline in size. the mediastinum is stable. small calcified lymph are seen. dual left subclavian pacemaker is identified in satisfactory position. the right hemidiaphragm is again elevated. there are streaky areas of atelectasis. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax are seen. borderline heart size, stable. interval left subclavian pacemaker placed in satisfactory position. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4291] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are streaky left basilar opacities and blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus secondary to a small effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. small left pleural effusion with left basilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4292] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are streaky left basilar opacities and blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus secondary to a small effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. small left pleural effusion with left basilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4293] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4294] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4295] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4296] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4297] no findings. small calcification right lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease. also small perihilar calcified lymph. lungs are clear. no active parenchymal disease. no of pleural effusions. no pulmonary edema. normal heart size. no of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-4298] no findings. small calcification right lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease. also small perihilar calcified lymph. lungs are clear. no active parenchymal disease. no of pleural effusions. no pulmonary edema. normal heart size. no of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-4299] the lungs are grossly clear without focal pneumonic consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4300] the lungs are grossly clear without focal pneumonic consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4301] the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-4302] the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-4303] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-4304] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-4305] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there is is a calcified opacity in the left lung base suggestive of old empyema, hematoma, or prior tb. no cavitary lesions are seen. are grossly unremarkable. clear lungs. no radiographic evidence of active tb
[Record ID: OpenI-4306] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there is is a calcified opacity in the left lung base suggestive of old empyema, hematoma, or prior tb. no cavitary lesions are seen. are grossly unremarkable. clear lungs. no radiographic evidence of active tb
[Record ID: OpenI-4307] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. stable left lower lobe calcified granuloma. remote left clavicle fracture. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4308] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. stable left lower lobe calcified granuloma. remote left clavicle fracture. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4309] opacities in the lung bases are slightly worse compared to prior study. lung volumes are low. heart size and pulmonary are normal. there no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. the patient is status post sternotomy. there calcifications of the thoracic aorta. worsening bibasilar subpleural interstitial opacities suggestive of interstitial lung disease. highresolution would be recommended to evaluate these findings no evidence of acute pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-4310] opacities in the lung bases are slightly worse compared to prior study. lung volumes are low. heart size and pulmonary are normal. there no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. the patient is status post sternotomy. there calcifications of the thoracic aorta. worsening bibasilar subpleural interstitial opacities suggestive of interstitial lung disease. highresolution would be recommended to evaluate these findings no evidence of acute pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-4311] vague increased opacity which appears to be within the left lower lobe. question of this could be developing or resolving pneumonia. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable normal size heart. atherosclerotic vascular disease. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. vague opacity at the left lung base which appears to be within the left lower lobe. this may represent resolving or developing pneumonia given the patients history
[Record ID: OpenI-4312] there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. the cardiac generator overlies left upper thorax with tips overlying the right atrium and ventricles. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4313] normal heart size. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality. no acute cardiothoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4314] normal heart size. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality. no acute cardiothoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4315] no findings. heart size normal. right lung clear. minimal basilar atelectasis on the left
[Record ID: OpenI-4316] no findings. heart size normal. right lung clear. minimal basilar atelectasis on the left
[Record ID: OpenI-4317] low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there has been interval development of bibasilar opacities. the appearance of the right base opacity atelectasis. the left base opacities could represent early pneumonia or areas of atelectasis. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. low lung volumes. opacities. right base appears to represent atelectasis. left base could be atelectasis or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-4318] low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there has been interval development of bibasilar opacities. the appearance of the right base opacity atelectasis. the left base opacities could represent early pneumonia or areas of atelectasis. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. low lung volumes. opacities. right base appears to represent atelectasis. left base could be atelectasis or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-4319] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. no focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4320] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. no focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4321] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4322] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4323] heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits given ap projection. the right lung appears clear. there is minimal patchy atelectasis or early infiltrate in left lung base. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is a partially visualized ivc on the lateral view. there are partially visualized surgical changes the cervical spine compatible with prior fusion procedure. minimal patchy left basilar atelectasis or infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-4324] heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits given ap projection. the right lung appears clear. there is minimal patchy atelectasis or early infiltrate in left lung base. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is a partially visualized ivc on the lateral view. there are partially visualized surgical changes the cervical spine compatible with prior fusion procedure. minimal patchy left basilar atelectasis or infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-4325] heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is right basilar air space opacity. right middle lobe and lower lobe pneumonia. followup radiographs in 812 weeks after appropriate therapy are indicated to exclude an underlying abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4326] heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is right basilar air space opacity. right middle lobe and lower lobe pneumonia. followup radiographs in 812 weeks after appropriate therapy are indicated to exclude an underlying abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4327] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4328] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4329] cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within this. there is no opacity. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. hyperlucent right apex with hyperinflation consistent with emphysematous changes. emphysematous changes without acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4330] cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within this. there is no opacity. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. hyperlucent right apex with hyperinflation consistent with emphysematous changes. emphysematous changes without acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4331] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no adenopathy or effusion. stable slightly sclerotic posterior inferior of one of the midthoracic vertebral bodies, seen on the lateral radiograph only. this most represents overlying degenerative spurring than metastasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4332] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no adenopathy or effusion. stable slightly sclerotic posterior inferior of one of the midthoracic vertebral bodies, seen on the lateral radiograph only. this most represents overlying degenerative spurring than metastasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4333] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. a calcified granuloma is identified in the right middle lobe. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4334] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. a calcified granuloma is identified in the right middle lobe. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4335] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4336] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4337] lungs are clear. heart size normal. no pneumothorax. left costophrenic opacity may represent pleural or pericardial fat. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4338] no findings. hyperinflated lungs as before compatible with emphysema. left apical chronic inflammatory and fibrotic changes with apical hilar retraction, unchanged since prior. opacities and chronic inflammatory change right midlung as before. stable mediastinal contour without overt evidence of adenopathy. no acute airspace disease or chf. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-4339] no findings. hyperinflated lungs as before compatible with emphysema. left apical chronic inflammatory and fibrotic changes with apical hilar retraction, unchanged since prior. opacities and chronic inflammatory change right midlung as before. stable mediastinal contour without overt evidence of adenopathy. no acute airspace disease or chf. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-4340] sternotomy remain in. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4341] sternotomy remain in. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4342] the heart size is within normal limits. there are calcified hilar lymph bilaterally. there are bibasilar airspace opacities with small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. small bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis andor airspace disease, left greater than right
[Record ID: OpenI-4343] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4344] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4345] normal heart and mediastinum. clear lungs. trachea is midline. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. radiopaque foreign body overlying left chest. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4346] normal heart and mediastinum. clear lungs. trachea is midline. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. radiopaque foreign body overlying left chest. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4347] the heart size is within normal limits. cardiomediastinal contour is normal. there is a right upper lobe nodule measuring 8 mm in diameter. trachea is midline. the lungs otherwise clear. and soft tissues are unremarkable. right upper lobe pulmonary nodule, granuloma
[Record ID: OpenI-4348] the heart size is within normal limits. cardiomediastinal contour is normal. there is a right upper lobe nodule measuring 8 mm in diameter. trachea is midline. the lungs otherwise clear. and soft tissues are unremarkable. right upper lobe pulmonary nodule, granuloma
[Record ID: OpenI-4349] the heart size is within normal limits. cardiomediastinal contour is normal. there is a right upper lobe nodule measuring 8 mm in diameter. trachea is midline. the lungs otherwise clear. and soft tissues are unremarkable. right upper lobe pulmonary nodule, granuloma
[Record ID: OpenI-4350] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. calcified right upper lobe pulmonary granuloma and calcified right hilar lymph. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4351] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. calcified right upper lobe pulmonary granuloma and calcified right hilar lymph. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4352] no findings. heart size is normal. mediastinal width is within normal limits for supine ap technique. no edema. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. right hilar and right lung base calcifications are compatible with old granulomatous disease. there is a very mild anterior wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebrae, possibly t7, ageindeterminate. correlate for midthoracic tenderness. no displaced, acute rib fractures are identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4353] no findings. heart size is normal. mediastinal width is within normal limits for supine ap technique. no edema. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. right hilar and right lung base calcifications are compatible with old granulomatous disease. there is a very mild anterior wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebrae, possibly t7, ageindeterminate. correlate for midthoracic tenderness. no displaced, acute rib fractures are identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4354] the heart size is within normal limits. there is ectasiatortuosity of the thoracic aorta. calcified hilar lymph. irregular calcific density projecting over the left lower lobe, stable since and may represent mitral annular calcifications. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4355] the heart size is within normal limits. there is ectasiatortuosity of the thoracic aorta. calcified hilar lymph. irregular calcific density projecting over the left lower lobe, stable since and may represent mitral annular calcifications. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4356] heart size upper limits of normal but stable. tortuous aorta. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4357] heart size upper limits of normal but stable. tortuous aorta. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4358] no findings. compared to, there is a left subpulmonic pleural effusion which is better appreciated of. there is stable right basilar scarring without focal acute infiltrate. no pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. there are postsurgical changes of the abdomen
[Record ID: OpenI-4359] no findings. compared to, there is a left subpulmonic pleural effusion which is better appreciated of. there is stable right basilar scarring without focal acute infiltrate. no pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. there are postsurgical changes of the abdomen
[Record ID: OpenI-4360] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. atherosclerotic aorta. mild blunting left costophrenic recess, possibly mild atelectasis or scarring. no confluent lobar consolidation or large volume pleural effusion. thoracic spondylosis. mild blunting left costophrenic recess, possibly mild atelectasis or scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-4361] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. atherosclerotic aorta. mild blunting left costophrenic recess, possibly mild atelectasis or scarring. no confluent lobar consolidation or large volume pleural effusion. thoracic spondylosis. mild blunting left costophrenic recess, possibly mild atelectasis or scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-4362] the mediastinal silhouette is widened with overlying sternotomy. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of effusion, infiltrate or pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities. wide mediastinal, consistent with history of aortic dissection. otherwise normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4363] the mediastinal silhouette is widened with overlying sternotomy. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of effusion, infiltrate or pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities. wide mediastinal, consistent with history of aortic dissection. otherwise normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4364] left chest wall mediport placement with venous catheter tip in superior. normal cardiac contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. clear lungs bilaterally. fracture seen at t5 and l2 with areas of sclerosis throughout the thoracic and lumbar spine. pathologic fractures seen at t5 and l2. left venous catheter in svc
[Record ID: OpenI-4365] left chest wall mediport placement with venous catheter tip in superior. normal cardiac contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. clear lungs bilaterally. fracture seen at t5 and l2 with areas of sclerosis throughout the thoracic and lumbar spine. pathologic fractures seen at t5 and l2. left venous catheter in svc
[Record ID: OpenI-4366] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes with hypoventilatory changes. the cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. surgical clips are seen in the upper abdomen. no acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated. low lung volumes without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4367] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes with hypoventilatory changes. the cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. surgical clips are seen in the upper abdomen. no acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated. low lung volumes without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4368] no findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. stable 5 mm right midlung perform granuloma
[Record ID: OpenI-4369] no findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. stable 5 mm right midlung perform granuloma
[Record ID: OpenI-4370] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. thoracic aorta is mildly ectatic, stable. old right clavicular fracture is again noted. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4371] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. thoracic aorta is mildly ectatic, stable. old right clavicular fracture is again noted. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4372] stable enlarged cardiac silhouette. persistent bilateral lower lobe airspace disease, not significantly compared to prior. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no significant change compared to prior. bibasilar airspace disease may represent infection or mild edema
[Record ID: OpenI-4373] stable enlarged cardiac silhouette. persistent bilateral lower lobe airspace disease, not significantly compared to prior. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no significant change compared to prior. bibasilar airspace disease may represent infection or mild edema
[Record ID: OpenI-4374] pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. degenerative spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4375] no there is an dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4376] no there is an dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4377] stable postsurgical changes. heart, mediastinum and lung are unremarkable. stable calcified small granuloma in left base. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4378] stable postsurgical changes. heart, mediastinum and lung are unremarkable. stable calcified small granuloma in left base. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4379] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4380] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4381] heart size within normal limits. mild left upper lobe atelectasis or scarring. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. tortuous aorta. hiatal hernia. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4382] heart size within normal limits. mild left upper lobe atelectasis or scarring. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. tortuous aorta. hiatal hernia. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4383] the cardiac silhouette is enlarged and has a globular appearance. mild bibasilar dependent atelectasis. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality. cardiomegaly with globular appearance of the cardiac silhouette. considerations would include pericardial effusion or dilated cardiomyopathy
[Record ID: OpenI-4384] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4385] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline heart size and aortic ectasiatortuosity. stable hyperinflation without focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. healed left rib fractures again noted. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4386] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline heart size and aortic ectasiatortuosity. stable hyperinflation without focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. healed left rib fractures again noted. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4387] no findings. mild cardiomegaly as before with no effusions or overt evidence of chf. large lung volumes as before. no acute airspace disease. stable mediastinal contour. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-4388] no findings. mild cardiomegaly as before with no effusions or overt evidence of chf. large lung volumes as before. no acute airspace disease. stable mediastinal contour. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-4389] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is rounded calcified density within the left lower lobe most consistent with granuloma. remaining lungs are clear without evidence of focal opacification. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4390] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is rounded calcified density within the left lower lobe most consistent with granuloma. remaining lungs are clear without evidence of focal opacification. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4391] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4392] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4393] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no noncalcified nodules are identified. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4394] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no noncalcified nodules are identified. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4395] a strandy infiltrate has developed in the left lower lobe. right lung is clear. heart size remains normal. patchy left lower lobe infiltrate and focal atelectasis, consistent with pneumonitis
[Record ID: OpenI-4396] patchy interstitial infiltrates have developed in both lower lobes. both costophrenic are blunted. aorta is somewhat tortuous, with the heart size is normal. pulmonary are normal. bibasilar patchy airspace disease with bilateral small pleural fluid collections
[Record ID: OpenI-4397] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. multilevel cervical arthritis. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4398] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. multilevel cervical arthritis. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4399] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4400] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4401] the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4402] the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4403] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated, without evidence of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. incidental note is of an azygos fissure. there are no acute bony findings. mildly hyperinflated, clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4404] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated, without evidence of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. incidental note is of an azygos fissure. there are no acute bony findings. mildly hyperinflated, clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4405] heart size normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4406] heart size normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4407] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal consolidations or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4408] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal consolidations or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4409] both lungs are clear and expanded. an old calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4410] both lungs are clear and expanded. an old calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4411] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4412] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4413] there is a calcified granuloma left midlung. there is round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. there are prominent interstitial opacities which may represent changes associated with fibrosis. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. anterior segment of upper lobe, rounded focal density. could be lung nodule. round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. this may represent pulmonary nodule. the primordial was employed to notify the referring physicians of this critical finding
[Record ID: OpenI-4414] there is a calcified granuloma left midlung. there is round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. there are prominent interstitial opacities which may represent changes associated with fibrosis. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. anterior segment of upper lobe, rounded focal density. could be lung nodule. round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. this may represent pulmonary nodule. the primordial was employed to notify the referring physicians of this critical finding
[Record ID: OpenI-4415] the lungs appear clear. no evidence of focal pneumonia. the heart and pulmonary are normal. there is suture material at the left apex suggesting prior lung surgery. in the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours appear normal. no evidence of pneumonia or aspiration suture material along left apex suggesting prior lung surgery
[Record ID: OpenI-4416] the lungs appear clear. no evidence of focal pneumonia. the heart and pulmonary are normal. there is suture material at the left apex suggesting prior lung surgery. in the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours appear normal. no evidence of pneumonia or aspiration suture material along left apex suggesting prior lung surgery
[Record ID: OpenI-4417] no findings. heart size is normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is a dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-4418] no findings. heart size is normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is a dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-4419] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4420] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4421] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4422] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is mild haziness in the right lung and left base, which could represent infiltrate. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. stable deformity of a midthoracic vertebra. possible infiltrates in the right lung and left base. consider ct for further evaluation, if clinically indicated
[Record ID: OpenI-4423] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is mild haziness in the right lung and left base, which could represent infiltrate. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. stable deformity of a midthoracic vertebra. possible infiltrates in the right lung and left base. consider ct for further evaluation, if clinically indicated
[Record ID: OpenI-4424] heart size is within normal limits. aorta is tortuous. remainder of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no bony abnormalities. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4425] heart size is within normal limits. aorta is tortuous. remainder of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no bony abnormalities. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4426] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4427] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4428] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal suggests possible right versus dextrocardia. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. abnormal configuration of the heart and mediastinum suggestive of right aortic versus dextrocardia
[Record ID: OpenI-4429] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal suggests possible right versus dextrocardia. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. abnormal configuration of the heart and mediastinum suggestive of right aortic versus dextrocardia
[Record ID: OpenI-4430] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4431] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4432] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4433] no findings. heart size is normal. left upper lobe atelectasis infiltrate in the left perihilar region, unchanged. two venous catheter tips overlie the mid svc. small medial left upper lobe pleural air collection
[Record ID: OpenI-4434] no findings. heart size is normal. left upper lobe atelectasis infiltrate in the left perihilar region, unchanged. two venous catheter tips overlie the mid svc. small medial left upper lobe pleural air collection
[Record ID: OpenI-4435] the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4436] the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4437] no unusual findings. heart size normal and lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-4438] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4439] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4440] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4441] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4442] bilateral pleural effusions, left small, right moderate in size, abnormal opacities in the adjacent lung bases. limited assessment of heart size due to obscured margins, stable mediastinal contours. bilateral pleural effusions, right larger than left abnormal pulmonary opacities which may be due to atelectasis, differential diagnosis includes infection, aspiration, atypical distribution pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-4443] bilateral pleural effusions, left small, right moderate in size, abnormal opacities in the adjacent lung bases. limited assessment of heart size due to obscured margins, stable mediastinal contours. bilateral pleural effusions, right larger than left abnormal pulmonary opacities which may be due to atelectasis, differential diagnosis includes infection, aspiration, atypical distribution pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-4444] the heart is mildly enlarged. pulmonary vascularity is increased. there is again mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. air space disease andor atelectasis is noted in right lung base. there is also streaky opacity in the left base. the costophrenic are blunted. cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion. eventration of right hemidiaphragm with basilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4445] the heart is mildly enlarged. pulmonary vascularity is increased. there is again mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. air space disease andor atelectasis is noted in right lung base. there is also streaky opacity in the left base. the costophrenic are blunted. cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion. eventration of right hemidiaphragm with basilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4446] no the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are tspine osteophytes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4447] no the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are tspine osteophytes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4448] no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. calcified granuloma seen bilaterally. normal heart size. elevated right hemidiaphragm, with a nodular soft tissue contour, containing liver. degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine. there is neurostimulator, overlying the mid and lower thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. elevation of the right diaphragm, containing liver
[Record ID: OpenI-4449] no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. calcified granuloma seen bilaterally. normal heart size. elevated right hemidiaphragm, with a nodular soft tissue contour, containing liver. degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine. there is neurostimulator, overlying the mid and lower thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. elevation of the right diaphragm, containing liver
[Record ID: OpenI-4450] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4451] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4452] no findings. stable normal heart size. elevated right diaphragm. lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-4453] no findings. stable normal heart size. elevated right diaphragm. lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-4454] there is prominence of the right heart, consistent with right atrial enlargement. a density is demonstrated on the frontal view with exaggerated posterior projection of the cardiac silhouette, suggesting left atrial enlargement. the cardiac silhouette is overall enlarged. the mediastinal contours are otherwise within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild pulmonary hyperexpansion. mild left apical pleural thickening. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 19. right and left atrial enlargement with cardiomegaly. no acute pulmonary abnormality demonstrated
[Record ID: OpenI-4455] there is prominence of the right heart, consistent with right atrial enlargement. a density is demonstrated on the frontal view with exaggerated posterior projection of the cardiac silhouette, suggesting left atrial enlargement. the cardiac silhouette is overall enlarged. the mediastinal contours are otherwise within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild pulmonary hyperexpansion. mild left apical pleural thickening. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 19. right and left atrial enlargement with cardiomegaly. no acute pulmonary abnormality demonstrated
[Record ID: OpenI-4456] lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. calcified left suprahilar. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4457] lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. calcified left suprahilar. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4458] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4459] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4460] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4461] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4462] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4463] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4464] no unusual findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4465] no unusual findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4466] heart size and vascularity are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. no focal airspace disease or effusion. degenerative change of the spine. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4467] heart size and vascularity are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. no focal airspace disease or effusion. degenerative change of the spine. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4468] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4469] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4470] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. right paratracheal density is stable from prior radiographs and may reflect tortuous vasculature. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. surgical clips are noted in the region of the left breast. there is mild diaphragm eventration. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4471] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. right paratracheal density is stable from prior radiographs and may reflect tortuous vasculature. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. surgical clips are noted in the region of the left breast. there is mild diaphragm eventration. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4472] flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. lungs are clear. soft tissues and bony structures unremarkable. no pneumothorax or effusion. mild hyperexpansion. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-4473] flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. lungs are clear. soft tissues and bony structures unremarkable. no pneumothorax or effusion. mild hyperexpansion. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-4474] no unusual findings. chest. no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. left hip. advanced posttraumatic osteoarthritis
[Record ID: OpenI-4475] no unusual findings. chest. no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. left hip. advanced posttraumatic osteoarthritis
[Record ID: OpenI-4476] there are persistent low lung volumes. there is stable streaky left lower lobe airspace disease. probable residual left pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. stable cardiomediastinal contour. leftsided rib fractures are better appreciated on the chest comparison. probable residual left pneumothorax. stable streaky left basilar airspace disease, possibly atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4477] there are persistent low lung volumes. there is stable streaky left lower lobe airspace disease. probable residual left pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. stable cardiomediastinal contour. leftsided rib fractures are better appreciated on the chest comparison. probable residual left pneumothorax. stable streaky left basilar airspace disease, possibly atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4478] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4479] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4480] normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax, pleural effusions or focal lung consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4481] normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax, pleural effusions or focal lung consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4482] no findings. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. a few small calcifications in the left lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease. otherwise lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4483] no findings. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. a few small calcifications in the left lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease. otherwise lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4484] there is hyperinflation of the lungs. a small area scarring is seen in the left cardiophrenic region. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. copd and small left basilar scar
[Record ID: OpenI-4485] there is hyperinflation of the lungs. a small area scarring is seen in the left cardiophrenic region. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. copd and small left basilar scar
[Record ID: OpenI-4486] stable cardiomegaly. stable tortuosity of the aorta. no focal airspace opacities, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stable cardiomegaly with clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4487] there are prominent epicardial fat pads, unchanged from prior. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there is atherosclerosis of the aortic. unchanged streaky opacities in the bilateral costophrenic sulci represent chronic scarring or atelectasis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4488] there are prominent epicardial fat pads, unchanged from prior. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there is atherosclerosis of the aortic. unchanged streaky opacities in the bilateral costophrenic sulci represent chronic scarring or atelectasis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4489] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4490] the lungs are clear. the heart pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4491] the lungs are clear. the heart pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4492] there are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. there is stable prominence of the right cardiac silhouette. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. there are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4493] there are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. there is stable prominence of the right cardiac silhouette. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. there are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4494] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is bilateral basilar opacity compatible with atelectasis. there are somewhat low lung volumes. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node. bibasilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4495] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is bilateral basilar opacity compatible with atelectasis. there are somewhat low lung volumes. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node. bibasilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4496] the cardiac silhouette, mediastinum, and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. there is stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated. cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant. no acute abnormalities are seen
[Record ID: OpenI-4497] the cardiac silhouette, mediastinum, and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. there is stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated. cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant. no acute abnormalities are seen
[Record ID: OpenI-4498] no findings. no comparison chest lungs. lucency left chest compatible with relatively large pneumothorax and collapse of substantial portion of left lung. no substantial mediastinal shift seen. right lung grossly clear
[Record ID: OpenI-4499] no findings. no comparison chest lungs. lucency left chest compatible with relatively large pneumothorax and collapse of substantial portion of left lung. no substantial mediastinal shift seen. right lung grossly clear
[Record ID: OpenI-4500] heart, mediastinum,, bony structures and lung are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4501] heart, mediastinum,, bony structures and lung are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4502] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4503] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4504] the heart is again mildly enlarged. mediastinal contours are stable. patient is somewhat rotated. the lungs are hypoinflated with elevated left hemidiaphragm. opacities compatible with atelectasis. no large effusion is seen. there is no focal consolidation. pulmonary vascularity is mildly accentuated. there are bilateral degenerative changes of the with probable chronic dislocation of the left humerus. correlate clinically. mild stable cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion. low lung volumes with elevated left hemidiaphragm and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. extensive bilateral shoulder degenerative changes with subluxationdislocation left shoulder, possibly chronic. suggest clinical correlation
[Record ID: OpenI-4505] the heart is again mildly enlarged. mediastinal contours are stable. patient is somewhat rotated. the lungs are hypoinflated with elevated left hemidiaphragm. opacities compatible with atelectasis. no large effusion is seen. there is no focal consolidation. pulmonary vascularity is mildly accentuated. there are bilateral degenerative changes of the with probable chronic dislocation of the left humerus. correlate clinically. mild stable cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion. low lung volumes with elevated left hemidiaphragm and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. extensive bilateral shoulder degenerative changes with subluxationdislocation left shoulder, possibly chronic. suggest clinical correlation
[Record ID: OpenI-4506] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. opacities in right mid lung. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4507] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. opacities in right mid lung. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4508] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. surgical clips are in the epigastrium of the abdomen. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4509] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. surgical clips are in the epigastrium of the abdomen. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4510] the heart is large, and the pulmonary are engorged. no infiltrates. cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension
[Record ID: OpenI-4511] the heart is large, and the pulmonary are engorged. no infiltrates. cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension
[Record ID: OpenI-4512] normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. normal exam
[Record ID: OpenI-4513] normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. normal exam
[Record ID: OpenI-4514] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are opacities in the left, subsegmental atelectasis or scar. otherwise, the lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. left midlung subsegmental atelectasis versus scar
[Record ID: OpenI-4515] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are opacities in the left, subsegmental atelectasis or scar. otherwise, the lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. left midlung subsegmental atelectasis versus scar
[Record ID: OpenI-4516] heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fracture. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4517] heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fracture. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4518] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the there is a diffuse reticulonodular pattern the lungs bilaterally. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. negative for pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. diffuse reticulonodular pattern bilaterally. the this may represent heart failure, opportunistic infection, or idiopathic interstitial pneumonitis. of chest for further characterization
[Record ID: OpenI-4519] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the there is a diffuse reticulonodular pattern the lungs bilaterally. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. negative for pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. diffuse reticulonodular pattern bilaterally. the this may represent heart failure, opportunistic infection, or idiopathic interstitial pneumonitis. of chest for further characterization
[Record ID: OpenI-4520] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4521] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4522] there is mild cardiomegaly. aorta is heavily calcified and tortuous, consistent with atherosclerotic disease. there are diffuse increased interstitial opacities identified. this may be secondary to edema, or alternatively atypical infection. no large effusion or visualized pneumothorax. osteopenia of the spine is identified. cardiomegaly with diffuse interstitial opacities. findings may be secondary to pulmonary edema. atypical infection is another consideration
[Record ID: OpenI-4523] there is mild cardiomegaly. aorta is heavily calcified and tortuous, consistent with atherosclerotic disease. there are diffuse increased interstitial opacities identified. this may be secondary to edema, or alternatively atypical infection. no large effusion or visualized pneumothorax. osteopenia of the spine is identified. cardiomegaly with diffuse interstitial opacities. findings may be secondary to pulmonary edema. atypical infection is another consideration
[Record ID: OpenI-4524] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. acromioclavicular arthritis is present, severe. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4525] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. acromioclavicular arthritis is present, severe. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4526] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no pneumothorax, effusion, or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-4527] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no pneumothorax, effusion, or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-4528] a rightsided chest remains in with the distal tip at the level of the mid svc. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pulmonary nodules or mass lesions identified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. rightsided chest in without demonstration of an acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4529] a rightsided chest remains in with the distal tip at the level of the mid svc. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pulmonary nodules or mass lesions identified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. rightsided chest in without demonstration of an acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4530] minimal subsegmental atelectasis posteriorly. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. no focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4531] minimal subsegmental atelectasis posteriorly. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. no focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4532] heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4533] heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4534] sternotomy are intact and unchanged position from prior exam. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. unremarkable examination of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4535] sternotomy are intact and unchanged position from prior exam. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. unremarkable examination of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4536] low lung volumes. normal heart size. no pneumothorax. no large effusion. no focal infiltrate. low lung volumes, no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4537] low lung volumes. normal heart size. no pneumothorax. no large effusion. no focal infiltrate. low lung volumes, no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4538] there is a left subphrenic crescentic lucency, this is concerning for pneumoperitoneum. there are low lung volumes and bilateral moderate to large pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasisairspace disease that are larger in size in comparison to the prior exam. no pneumothorax. heart size upper limits of normal. the left central venous catheter tip overlies the lower svc. the feeding tube has been placed in the interval and extends below the diaphragm and below the ofview. concern for left subphrenic free air. verification with abdominal decubitus views is recommended for further evaluation. interval increase in size of the moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasisairspace disease. left central venous catheter in unchanged position. interval placement of feeding tube the courses beneath the diaphragm and out of the ofview
[Record ID: OpenI-4539] there is a left subphrenic crescentic lucency, this is concerning for pneumoperitoneum. there are low lung volumes and bilateral moderate to large pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasisairspace disease that are larger in size in comparison to the prior exam. no pneumothorax. heart size upper limits of normal. the left central venous catheter tip overlies the lower svc. the feeding tube has been placed in the interval and extends below the diaphragm and below the ofview. concern for left subphrenic free air. verification with abdominal decubitus views is recommended for further evaluation. interval increase in size of the moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasisairspace disease. left central venous catheter in unchanged position. interval placement of feeding tube the courses beneath the diaphragm and out of the ofview
[Record ID: OpenI-4540] stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, stable mediastinal contours. increased interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases, right greater than left. opacity on the lateral view over the heart also present on the previous exam suggesting chronic subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. no definite pleural effusion seen. cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities which may be compatible with mild pulmonary edema, differential diagnosis includes infection, inflammation, aspiration
[Record ID: OpenI-4541] stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, stable mediastinal contours. increased interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases, right greater than left. opacity on the lateral view over the heart also present on the previous exam suggesting chronic subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. no definite pleural effusion seen. cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities which may be compatible with mild pulmonary edema, differential diagnosis includes infection, inflammation, aspiration
[Record ID: OpenI-4542] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. rectal balloon is noted. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. there is again eventration of the hemidiaphragms bochdalek hernia, posteriorly as seen on the lateral projection. bilateral pleural thickening is noted. there are streaky opacities in the lung bases unchanged, chronic atelectasis. mild bilateral streaky opacities, atelectasis. no acute infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-4543] lungs are clear. heart size normal. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-4544] lungs are clear. heart size normal. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-4545] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-4546] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-4547] mediastinal contours are normal. unchanged opacity in the left lung base, scarring. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4548] mediastinal contours are normal. unchanged opacity in the left lung base, scarring. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4549] no findings. exam quality limited by hypoventilation and apical lordotic frontal projection. considering technical factors heart size at mildly enlarged. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-4550] no findings. exam quality limited by hypoventilation and apical lordotic frontal projection. considering technical factors heart size at mildly enlarged. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-4551] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal with postoperative changes consistent with cabg. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4552] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal with postoperative changes consistent with cabg. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4553] no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable. stable bilateral calcified granulomaslymph. a bullet is present in the posterior soft tissues of the left chest wall, stable compared to prior examination. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4554] no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable. stable bilateral calcified granulomaslymph. a bullet is present in the posterior soft tissues of the left chest wall, stable compared to prior examination. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4555] the heart is within normal limits in size. surgical suture material projects over the right lung apex. the lungs are hyperlucent and hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. there is left lower lobe airspace disease identified. there is moderate left pleural effusion and small right pleural effusion. no visualized pneumothorax. left lower lobe airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. this may be secondary to inhalational injury. recommend followup to ensure complete resolution
[Record ID: OpenI-4556] the heart is within normal limits in size. surgical suture material projects over the right lung apex. the lungs are hyperlucent and hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. there is left lower lobe airspace disease identified. there is moderate left pleural effusion and small right pleural effusion. no visualized pneumothorax. left lower lobe airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. this may be secondary to inhalational injury. recommend followup to ensure complete resolution
[Record ID: OpenI-4557] no findings. lungs appear slightly hyperinflated, suggestive of emphysema. no acute airspace abnormality seen. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4558] no findings. lungs appear slightly hyperinflated, suggestive of emphysema. no acute airspace abnormality seen. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4559] heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4560] heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4561] the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac contour is within normal limits. compared to prior exam, there is prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum. this may represent the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. ct chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum possibly representing the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. ct chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-4562] the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac contour is within normal limits. compared to prior exam, there is prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum. this may represent the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. ct chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum possibly representing the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. ct chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-4563] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-4564] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-4565] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4566] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4567] heart size and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, focal airspace consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4568] heart size and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, focal airspace consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4569] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no evidence for mass lung apices. the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. the skeletal structures are unremarkable. no acute pulmonary disease. no evidence for apical mass
[Record ID: OpenI-4570] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no evidence for mass lung apices. the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. the skeletal structures are unremarkable. no acute pulmonary disease. no evidence for apical mass
[Record ID: OpenI-4571] no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4572] no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4573] interstitial markings are diffusely prominent throughout both lungs. heart size is normal. pulmonary normal. diffuse fibrosis. no visible focal acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4574] interstitial markings are diffusely prominent throughout both lungs. heart size is normal. pulmonary normal. diffuse fibrosis. no visible focal acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4575] normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. trachea is midline. normal chest exam
[Record ID: OpenI-4576] normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. trachea is midline. normal chest exam
[Record ID: OpenI-4577] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there is aortic vascular calcification. and there is a hyper left lung calcified granuloma. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. there are vascular and skeletal senescent changes. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4578] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there is aortic vascular calcification. and there is a hyper left lung calcified granuloma. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. there are vascular and skeletal senescent changes. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4579] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4580] the heart is normal in size. mild fullness of the left hilum, small interval change from prior exam. lucencies throughout the chest representing emphysematous change. scattered bilateral calcified granulomas. no pneumothorax. large hiatal hernia, increased from prior exam. increased left hilar fullness. this may represent superimposed, adenopathy cannot be excluded on this exam. if there is clinical concern, suggest reference to prior exam or ct chest. large hiatal hernia, increased in size from prior exam
[Record ID: OpenI-4581] the heart is normal in size. mild fullness of the left hilum, small interval change from prior exam. lucencies throughout the chest representing emphysematous change. scattered bilateral calcified granulomas. no pneumothorax. large hiatal hernia, increased from prior exam. increased left hilar fullness. this may represent superimposed, adenopathy cannot be excluded on this exam. if there is clinical concern, suggest reference to prior exam or ct chest. large hiatal hernia, increased in size from prior exam
[Record ID: OpenI-4582] normal heart size. stable tortuous thoracic aorta. prior granulomatous disease. healed rib fractures appear stable. focal opacity is noted in the left midlung overlying the 9th posterior rib which represents healing rib callus. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute abnormality seen
[Record ID: OpenI-4583] normal heart size. stable tortuous thoracic aorta. prior granulomatous disease. healed rib fractures appear stable. focal opacity is noted in the left midlung overlying the 9th posterior rib which represents healing rib callus. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute abnormality seen
[Record ID: OpenI-4584] the heart is normal in size and contour. scattered calcifications are noted, compatible with prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4585] the heart is normal in size and contour. scattered calcifications are noted, compatible with prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4586] there is obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm, suggesting left retrocardiac airspace disease. this is not identified in the lateral view, which is limited by rotation. no evidence for effusion. left basilar airspace disease. recommend follow up chest to document resolution for better characterization
[Record ID: OpenI-4587] there is obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm, suggesting left retrocardiac airspace disease. this is not identified in the lateral view, which is limited by rotation. no evidence for effusion. left basilar airspace disease. recommend follow up chest to document resolution for better characterization
[Record ID: OpenI-4588] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4589] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4590] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. lungs are mildly hypoinflated with minimal streaky atelectasis or scar in the lung bases. lungs are otherwise grossly clear of focal airspace disease. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the posterior left midlung. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. mildly low lung volumes with atelectasis or scarring in the lung bases
[Record ID: OpenI-4591] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. lungs are mildly hypoinflated with minimal streaky atelectasis or scar in the lung bases. lungs are otherwise grossly clear of focal airspace disease. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the posterior left midlung. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. mildly low lung volumes with atelectasis or scarring in the lung bases
[Record ID: OpenI-4592] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. negative for pneumoperitoneum. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4593] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. negative for pneumoperitoneum. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4594] stable position of right central venous catheter. interval removal of nasogastric tube. heart size is normal. persistent prominent interstitial markings of the right upper lobe. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4595] stable position of right central venous catheter. interval removal of nasogastric tube. heart size is normal. persistent prominent interstitial markings of the right upper lobe. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4596] no findings. some opacities compatible with subsegmental atelectasisscarring noted projecting over region of right middle lobelingula on lateral view. overall, wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4597] no findings. some opacities compatible with subsegmental atelectasisscarring noted projecting over region of right middle lobelingula on lateral view. overall, wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4598] the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4599] the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4600] heart size is mildly enlarged. tortuous aorta. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. degenerative changes of the spine. low volume study without acute process. mild cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-4601] heart size is mildly enlarged. tortuous aorta. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. degenerative changes of the spine. low volume study without acute process. mild cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-4602] in the interval, the interval, there has been development of multiple nodules in both the upper and lower lobes bilaterally. the previously identified left lower lobe nodule has increased in size. left hemidiaphragm is slightly elevated, possibly from splinting. the mediastinum remains normal. heart size normal. multiple pulmonary nodules consistent with metastases. chest, abdomen, and pelvis ct with contrast would be helpful for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-4603] in the interval, the interval, there has been development of multiple nodules in both the upper and lower lobes bilaterally. the previously identified left lower lobe nodule has increased in size. left hemidiaphragm is slightly elevated, possibly from splinting. the mediastinum remains normal. heart size normal. multiple pulmonary nodules consistent with metastases. chest, abdomen, and pelvis ct with contrast would be helpful for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-4604] overall low lung lines. there is scarring or subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. in the left lower lobe there is airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinum are stable given the lung volumes. degenerative changes in the spine. left lower lobe pneumonia and minimal scarring or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base
[Record ID: OpenI-4605] overall low lung lines. there is scarring or subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. in the left lower lobe there is airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinum are stable given the lung volumes. degenerative changes in the spine. left lower lobe pneumonia and minimal scarring or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base
[Record ID: OpenI-4606] interval removal of leftsided chest tube. small residual left apical pneumothorax has increased slightly in size the prior exam, now measuring approximately 9 cm from the thoracic apex. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4607] interval removal of leftsided chest tube. small residual left apical pneumothorax has increased slightly in size the prior exam, now measuring approximately 9 cm from the thoracic apex. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4608] no findings. heart size is normal lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. minimal scoliosis
[Record ID: OpenI-4609] no findings. heart size is normal lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. minimal scoliosis
[Record ID: OpenI-4610] frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4611] frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4612] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4613] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4614] normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. scattered calcified granuloma. degenerative changes the spine. no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4615] normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. scattered calcified granuloma. degenerative changes the spine. no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4616] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. there is calcified mediastinal lymph. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4617] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. there is calcified mediastinal lymph. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4618] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4619] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4620] lungs mildly hyperinflated with flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. left hilar calcifications and dense left lower lobe nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. overall heart size within normal limits with prominent right atrial convexity, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory. question mild right atrial enlargement, no findings to suggest pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-4621] lungs mildly hyperinflated with flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. left hilar calcifications and dense left lower lobe nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. overall heart size within normal limits with prominent right atrial convexity, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory. question mild right atrial enlargement, no findings to suggest pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-4622] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. there is stable mild deformity of the lower thoracic vertebral body. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4623] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. there is stable mild deformity of the lower thoracic vertebral body. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4624] the lungs are hyperexpanded. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal airspace opacities, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. a calcific density in the left midlung zone represents old granulomatous disease. no acute bony abnormalities. hyperexpanded lungs with no focal airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4625] the lungs are hyperexpanded. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal airspace opacities, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. a calcific density in the left midlung zone represents old granulomatous disease. no acute bony abnormalities. hyperexpanded lungs with no focal airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4626] interval removal of cardiac generator. cardiomegaly. left base streaky opacities again noted. no large focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact. no pneumothorax. streaky left basilar opacities, atelectasis versus infiltrate. cardiomegaly, stable
[Record ID: OpenI-4627] interval removal of cardiac generator. cardiomegaly. left base streaky opacities again noted. no large focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact. no pneumothorax. streaky left basilar opacities, atelectasis versus infiltrate. cardiomegaly, stable
[Record ID: OpenI-4628] heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no evidence of acute osseous abnormality. no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-4629] heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no evidence of acute osseous abnormality. no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-4630] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4631] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4632] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. granulomatous sequela are noted. the previously visualized nodular density in the right upper lobe is not wellseen on todays study. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4633] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. granulomatous sequela are noted. the previously visualized nodular density in the right upper lobe is not wellseen on todays study. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4634] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4635] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4636] there is a calcified granuloma in the right midlung zone. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4637] there is a calcified granuloma in the right midlung zone. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4638] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4639] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4640] there is a single calcified granuloma in the right lung base. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear bilaterally. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. there are cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. small tspine osteophytes are noted. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4641] there is a single calcified granuloma in the right lung base. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear bilaterally. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. there are cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. small tspine osteophytes are noted. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4642] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. mild chronic degenerative changes are present in the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4643] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. mild chronic degenerative changes are present in the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4644] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4645] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4646] heart size moderately enlarged. mild left costophrenic blunting. streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities, left greater than right. right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly and small left pleural effusion versus pleural thickening streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities may be compatible with atelectasis versus consolidation, aspiration, clinical correlation recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-4647] heart size moderately enlarged. mild left costophrenic blunting. streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities, left greater than right. right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly and small left pleural effusion versus pleural thickening streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities may be compatible with atelectasis versus consolidation, aspiration, clinical correlation recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-4648] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. there is no pneumothorax. there is no pleural effusion. there is redemonstration of right rib deformities from old. of mild dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. there is no free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4649] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. there is no pneumothorax. there is no pleural effusion. there is redemonstration of right rib deformities from old. of mild dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. there is no free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4650] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4651] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4652] cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4653] cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4654] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4655] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4656] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-4657] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-4658] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-4659] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-4660] there are postoperative changes of sternotomy. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. no focal airspace consolidation. hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of obstructive lung disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4661] there are postoperative changes of sternotomy. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. no focal airspace consolidation. hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of obstructive lung disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4662] chest. lungs are clear and expanded. heart size normal. a calcified pleural plaque in the right subpulmonic area has not since the abdomen ct. left and right knees., spaces, and soft tissues are normal. chest. no active disease. left and right knees negative
[Record ID: OpenI-4663] chest. lungs are clear and expanded. heart size normal. a calcified pleural plaque in the right subpulmonic area has not since the abdomen ct. left and right knees., spaces, and soft tissues are normal. chest. no active disease. left and right knees negative
[Record ID: OpenI-4664] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. normal chest film
[Record ID: OpenI-4665] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. normal chest film
[Record ID: OpenI-4666] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there has been a sternotomy. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4667] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there has been a sternotomy. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4668] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. the left hemidiaphragm is elevated. this is unchanged. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4669] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. the left hemidiaphragm is elevated. this is unchanged. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4670] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4671] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4672] no large pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal airspace opacities. heart size is normal. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4673] no large pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal airspace opacities. heart size is normal. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4674] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4675] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4676] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4677] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. there is retrocardiac density which corresponds to patients known hiatal hernia. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation is seen. no acute disease. retrocardiac density corresponding to known hiatal hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-4678] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. there is retrocardiac density which corresponds to patients known hiatal hernia. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation is seen. no acute disease. retrocardiac density corresponding to known hiatal hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-4679] lungs are mildly hypoinflated with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm, of uncertain chronicity. there is mild basilar bronchovascular crowding, without evidence of focal airspace disease. heart is within normal limits for low lung volumes and ap technique. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. low lung volume exam. otherwise, no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4680] lungs are mildly hypoinflated with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm, of uncertain chronicity. there is mild basilar bronchovascular crowding, without evidence of focal airspace disease. heart is within normal limits for low lung volumes and ap technique. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. low lung volume exam. otherwise, no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4681] lung volumes are. opacities are present in the angulate. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. hypoinflation with lingular focal atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4682] lung volumes are. opacities are present in the angulate. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. hypoinflation with lingular focal atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4683] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no displaced rib fractures visualized. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4684] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no displaced rib fractures visualized. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4685] central venous catheter tip in the right atrium. heart size and shape are normal. trachea and bronchi appear normal. the lungs are reasonably well expanded. there and patchy nodular densities in both lower lung more marked on the right than the left. there is scattered areas of bronchial wall thickening, wellseen in the left upper lobe. there is loss of definition of part of the left heart. no effusions no pneumothorax. findings consistent with widespread changes from cystic fibrosis. it is difficult to differentiate acute from chronic change
[Record ID: OpenI-4686] central venous catheter tip in the right atrium. heart size and shape are normal. trachea and bronchi appear normal. the lungs are reasonably well expanded. there and patchy nodular densities in both lower lung more marked on the right than the left. there is scattered areas of bronchial wall thickening, wellseen in the left upper lobe. there is loss of definition of part of the left heart. no effusions no pneumothorax. findings consistent with widespread changes from cystic fibrosis. it is difficult to differentiate acute from chronic change
[Record ID: OpenI-4687] pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4688] pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4689] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mediastinal calcification and dense right upper lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4690] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mediastinal calcification and dense right upper lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4691] there are scattered opacities in the left lower lobe. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there is prominence of the right and left hilum representing enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality. left lower lobe opacities representing pneumonia. enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries raising the question of pulmonary hypertension
[Record ID: OpenI-4692] there are scattered opacities in the left lower lobe. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there is prominence of the right and left hilum representing enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality. left lower lobe opacities representing pneumonia. enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries raising the question of pulmonary hypertension
[Record ID: OpenI-4693] there is a right chest with catheter tip at the cavoatrial junction. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. right chest catheter tip at cavoatrial junction. grossly clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4694] there is a right chest with catheter tip at the cavoatrial junction. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. right chest catheter tip at cavoatrial junction. grossly clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4695] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are multiple sternotomy and surgical clips compatible with prior cabg. the most caudal sternotomy is fractured. there are no acute bony findings. low lung volumes. no acute pulmonary findings. fractured sternotomy, without evidence of complication
[Record ID: OpenI-4696] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are multiple sternotomy and surgical clips compatible with prior cabg. the most caudal sternotomy is fractured. there are no acute bony findings. low lung volumes. no acute pulmonary findings. fractured sternotomy, without evidence of complication
[Record ID: OpenI-4697] 4 images. there is a large hydropneumothorax within the left chest. there is essentially complete collapse of the left lung. within the right lung, there are increased interstitial opacities within the medial right lung base and right upper lobe, with patchy airspace opacity within the right lung apex. at the right lung apex, there is a more focal ovoid lucency which measures approximately 3 cm. this could indicate cavitation. leftsided cardiomediastinal contours are obscured by collapse of the left lung. no convincing acute bony findings. large left hydropneumothorax, with complete collapse of the left lung. airspace and interstitial opacity within the right upper and lower lobes. possible apical cavitation. tuberculosis should be excluded clinically
[Record ID: OpenI-4698] 4 images. there is a large hydropneumothorax within the left chest. there is essentially complete collapse of the left lung. within the right lung, there are increased interstitial opacities within the medial right lung base and right upper lobe, with patchy airspace opacity within the right lung apex. at the right lung apex, there is a more focal ovoid lucency which measures approximately 3 cm. this could indicate cavitation. leftsided cardiomediastinal contours are obscured by collapse of the left lung. no convincing acute bony findings. large left hydropneumothorax, with complete collapse of the left lung. airspace and interstitial opacity within the right upper and lower lobes. possible apical cavitation. tuberculosis should be excluded clinically
[Record ID: OpenI-4699] no findings. hyperinflated chest as before, compatible with emphysema. clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4700] no findings. hyperinflated chest as before, compatible with emphysema. clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4701] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4702] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4703] lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4704] lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4705] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4706] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4707] there is stable, mild cardiomegaly with normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. there are grossly intact sternotomy and mediastinal surgical clips. there is no focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. stable chronic changes. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4708] there is stable, mild cardiomegaly with normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. there are grossly intact sternotomy and mediastinal surgical clips. there is no focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. stable chronic changes. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4709] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis. bilateral breast prostheses with calcification. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4710] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis. bilateral breast prostheses with calcification. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4711] chest. the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. there is flattening of the hemidiaphragms. abdomen. there is a normal bowel pattern. there is an ivc identified. there are phleboliths in pelvis. there mild degenerative changes of the spine. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. abdomen. normal bowel pattern
[Record ID: OpenI-4712] chest. the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. there is flattening of the hemidiaphragms. abdomen. there is a normal bowel pattern. there is an ivc identified. there are phleboliths in pelvis. there mild degenerative changes of the spine. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. abdomen. normal bowel pattern
[Record ID: OpenI-4713] heart size upper limits normal. vascularity normal.calcified breast implants obscure some detail. lungs are clear. vascular calcifications aorta. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. borderline cardiomegaly, otherwise unremarkable exam
[Record ID: OpenI-4714] heart size upper limits normal. vascularity normal.calcified breast implants obscure some detail. lungs are clear. vascular calcifications aorta. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. borderline cardiomegaly, otherwise unremarkable exam
[Record ID: OpenI-4715] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4716] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4717] there is opacity at posterior aspect of lower chest seen on lateral view which probably represents left lower lobe consolidation. there may also be small bilateral pleural effusion. upper limits of normal heart size. mild central vascular prominence. old fracture deformities of multiple right ribs. question of left lower lobe pneumonia andor pleural effusion. borderline heart size with mild central vascular congestive changes
[Record ID: OpenI-4718] there is opacity at posterior aspect of lower chest seen on lateral view which probably represents left lower lobe consolidation. there may also be small bilateral pleural effusion. upper limits of normal heart size. mild central vascular prominence. old fracture deformities of multiple right ribs. question of left lower lobe pneumonia andor pleural effusion. borderline heart size with mild central vascular congestive changes
[Record ID: OpenI-4719] the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4720] the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4721] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4722] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4723] no findings. cardiomegaly. left lung clear. large right effusion. compressive atelectasis or infiltrate in the right base
[Record ID: OpenI-4724] no findings. cardiomegaly. left lung clear. large right effusion. compressive atelectasis or infiltrate in the right base
[Record ID: OpenI-4725] heart size, aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. no visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. 6 mm nodular opacity overlies the left anterior 5th rib on the frontal view. no focal bony abnormality identified. 6 mm left lung nodular opacity. recommend comparison with prior images. if prior images are not available than further evaluation with ct chest is recommended. old chest film from from was reviewed and the questionable nodule was not seen
[Record ID: OpenI-4726] heart size, aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. no visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. 6 mm nodular opacity overlies the left anterior 5th rib on the frontal view. no focal bony abnormality identified. 6 mm left lung nodular opacity. recommend comparison with prior images. if prior images are not available than further evaluation with ct chest is recommended. old chest film from from was reviewed and the questionable nodule was not seen
[Record ID: OpenI-4727] heart size is normal. no focal airspace disease. emphysema. bibasilar pleural scarring. no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-4728] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4729] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4730] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal units. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. bandlike opacities are present in the right base consistent with areas of atelectasis. remainder of the lungs appear clear. bandlike opacities in the right base. appearance suggests atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4731] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal units. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. bandlike opacities are present in the right base consistent with areas of atelectasis. remainder of the lungs appear clear. bandlike opacities in the right base. appearance suggests atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4732] stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or large effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-4733] there are changes of prior midline sternotomy with surgical clips consistent with cabg, and stable mild cardiomegaly. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4734] there are changes of prior midline sternotomy with surgical clips consistent with cabg, and stable mild cardiomegaly. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4735] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4736] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4737] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4738] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4739] stable appearance of the left axillary. no pneumothorax. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. stable appearance of the leftsided without acute complicating features
[Record ID: OpenI-4740] no unusual findings. clear lungs. no discrete adenopathy or significant scarring. no active pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4741] no unusual findings. clear lungs. no discrete adenopathy or significant scarring. no active pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4742] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no change right anterior soft tissue surgical clips. configuration of breast shadows on the pa view suggests prior right lumpectomy. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4743] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no change right anterior soft tissue surgical clips. configuration of breast shadows on the pa view suggests prior right lumpectomy. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4744] stable mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours are unchanged. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable mild cardiomegaly. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4745] stable mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours are unchanged. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable mild cardiomegaly. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4746] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4747] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4748] the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4749] the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4750] heart size within normal limits. there is focal left lateral base airspace disease. there is a 6 mm nodular opacity in the right midlung. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no displaced rib fractures. there is an apparent deformity of the right humeral surgical neck. this is not seen on the comparison. correlate clinically with history of fracture. left base airspace disease and nodular opacity in the right midlung
[Record ID: OpenI-4751] heart size within normal limits. there is focal left lateral base airspace disease. there is a 6 mm nodular opacity in the right midlung. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no displaced rib fractures. there is an apparent deformity of the right humeral surgical neck. this is not seen on the comparison. correlate clinically with history of fracture. left base airspace disease and nodular opacity in the right midlung
[Record ID: OpenI-4752] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-4753] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-4754] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4755] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4756] the cardiac silhouette and upper mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary venous congestion. there is prominence of the pulmonary arteries, right greater than left. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. prominent bilateral, right greater than left. this appears slightly increased from the prior studies. findings could be related to hilar lymph or enlarged pulmonary arteries. if clinically indicated, further evaluation with contrastenhanced ct of the thorax could be performed
[Record ID: OpenI-4757] the cardiac silhouette and upper mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary venous congestion. there is prominence of the pulmonary arteries, right greater than left. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. prominent bilateral, right greater than left. this appears slightly increased from the prior studies. findings could be related to hilar lymph or enlarged pulmonary arteries. if clinically indicated, further evaluation with contrastenhanced ct of the thorax could be performed
[Record ID: OpenI-4758] no findings. wellexpanded and clear lungs. apical oligemia suggestive of some emphysema. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4759] no findings. wellexpanded and clear lungs. apical oligemia suggestive of some emphysema. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4760] no findings. cardiomegaly with interstitial edema. no effusions, pneumonia, nodules or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-4761] no findings. cardiomegaly with interstitial edema. no effusions, pneumonia, nodules or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-4762] normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal chest exam
[Record ID: OpenI-4763] normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal chest exam
[Record ID: OpenI-4764] no findings. heart size normal.no significant change in left base airspace disease and small effusion. small residual right pneumothorax. increased right base atelectasis.catheter overlying the right mediastinum may be outside the patient is
[Record ID: OpenI-4765] no findings. heart size normal.no significant change in left base airspace disease and small effusion. small residual right pneumothorax. increased right base atelectasis.catheter overlying the right mediastinum may be outside the patient is
[Record ID: OpenI-4766] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. scattered calcified granulomas. hyperexpanded lungs. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes in the spine without acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4767] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. scattered calcified granulomas. hyperexpanded lungs. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes in the spine without acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4768] frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show reduced lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding of basilar atelectasis. no definite focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette appears mildly enlarged. mild cardiomegaly. basilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4769] frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show reduced lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding of basilar atelectasis. no definite focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette appears mildly enlarged. mild cardiomegaly. basilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4770] no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious bony opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4771] no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious bony opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4772] no findings. minimal cardiomegaly. lungs are clear. fat seen within the fissure on the right
[Record ID: OpenI-4773] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. and scattered calcified granulomas. left greater than right basilar opacity, probable atelectasis andor scarring. no pleural effusion. basilar atelectasis. otherwise, no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process
[Record ID: OpenI-4774] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. and scattered calcified granulomas. left greater than right basilar opacity, probable atelectasis andor scarring. no pleural effusion. basilar atelectasis. otherwise, no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process
[Record ID: OpenI-4775] the lungs are hypoinflated with mild basilar bronchovascular crowdingatelectasis. there is a fracture of the left anterior 7th rib and the left anterior 6th rib, of uncertain acuity. correlate with tenderness. there is mild atelectasis in the left lung base. there is corticated deformity of the right anterior 7th rib, remote fracture. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. suspected fractures of the left anterior 6th and 7th ribs, of uncertain acuity. correlate with tenderness. low lung volumes with mild basilar atelectasis, left greater than right
[Record ID: OpenI-4776] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. evidence of previous granulomatous infection
[Record ID: OpenI-4777] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. evidence of previous granulomatous infection
[Record ID: OpenI-4778] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4779] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4780] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4781] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4782] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4783] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4784] heart size is normal. there is left hilar enlargement with partial opacification of the left upper lobe suggestive of hilar mass with obstructive atelectasis. questionable small right midlung nodule. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. suspected left hilar mass with obstructive atelectasis. thorax for further characterization
[Record ID: OpenI-4785] heart size is normal. there is left hilar enlargement with partial opacification of the left upper lobe suggestive of hilar mass with obstructive atelectasis. questionable small right midlung nodule. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. suspected left hilar mass with obstructive atelectasis. thorax for further characterization
[Record ID: OpenI-4786] status post posterior spinal fusion with stable appearance of the orthopedic. pectus carinatum. stable mild cardiomegaly and increased lung vascularity. clear lungs. stable mild cardiomegaly and increased lung vascularity. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4787] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4788] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4789] the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there is no focal air space opacity, pneumothorax, or effusion. there are large calcified mediastinal and right hilar granulomas. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4790] the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there is no focal air space opacity, pneumothorax, or effusion. there are large calcified mediastinal and right hilar granulomas. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4791] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4792] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4793] 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4794] 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4795] normal heart size. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4796] normal heart size. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4797] no findings. minimal cardiomegaly. prominent pulmonary. probable very small pleural effusions and minimal questionable interstitial edema. no pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-4798] no findings. minimal cardiomegaly. prominent pulmonary. probable very small pleural effusions and minimal questionable interstitial edema. no pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-4799] heart size is normal. no focal consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4800] heart size is normal. no focal consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4801] the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are numerous calcified granuloma in the right perihilar region. there are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-4802] the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are numerous calcified granuloma in the right perihilar region. there are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-4803] no unusual findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-4804] no unusual findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-4805] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4806] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. 5 mm right apical granuloma overlying the anterior first right rib
[Record ID: OpenI-4807] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. 5 mm right apical granuloma overlying the anterior first right rib
[Record ID: OpenI-4808] the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculaturity is increased. there is large rightsided pleural effusion and probable underlying associated compressive atelectasis. mild perihilar opacities, edema. no pneumothorax is seen. cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion with perihilar opacities, possibly edema. large right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-4809] the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculaturity is increased. there is large rightsided pleural effusion and probable underlying associated compressive atelectasis. mild perihilar opacities, edema. no pneumothorax is seen. cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion with perihilar opacities, possibly edema. large right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-4810] mediastinum is stable. retrocardiac lucency represents a large hiatal hernia, unchanged from prior. the lungs are clear, without focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. stable thoracic deformity. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. multiple chronic changes as described above
[Record ID: OpenI-4811] mediastinum is stable. retrocardiac lucency represents a large hiatal hernia, unchanged from prior. the lungs are clear, without focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. stable thoracic deformity. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. multiple chronic changes as described above
[Record ID: OpenI-4812] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. chronic appearing left lateral rib deformities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. interval development of healing left sided rib fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-4813] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. chronic appearing left lateral rib deformities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. interval development of healing left sided rib fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-4814] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4815] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4816] normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. atherosclerotic calcifications identified within the aortic. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. flowing thoracic spine osteophytes noted. no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4817] normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. atherosclerotic calcifications identified within the aortic. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. flowing thoracic spine osteophytes noted. no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4818] 3 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4819] 3 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4820] cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. and soft tissue are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4821] cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. and soft tissue are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4822] 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4823] 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4824] the heart size is within normal limits. after cirrhotic calcification of the thoracic aorta. hyperexpanded lungs with flattened diaphragms and increased retrosternal clear space suggestive of emphysema. streaky left basilar opacities are favored to represent scarring. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. chronic changes of emphysema and left basilar scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-4825] the heart size is within normal limits. after cirrhotic calcification of the thoracic aorta. hyperexpanded lungs with flattened diaphragms and increased retrosternal clear space suggestive of emphysema. streaky left basilar opacities are favored to represent scarring. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. chronic changes of emphysema and left basilar scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-4826] there is a right upper lobe opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. right upper lobe pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-4827] there is a right upper lobe opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. right upper lobe pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-4828] the heart is enlarged. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is a nerve stimulator device projecting over the left hemithorax. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomegaly. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4829] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. mild spondylosis. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4830] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. mild spondylosis. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4831] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hyperinflated. there is biapical scarring. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion seen. emphysema without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4832] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hyperinflated. there is biapical scarring. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion seen. emphysema without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4833] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are residuals of prior granulomatous infection. lungs otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4834] heart, mediastinum,, bony structures and lung are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4835] heart, mediastinum,, bony structures and lung are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4836] the heart size is normal. there is prominent left epicardial fat. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4837] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-4838] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4839] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4840] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4841] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4842] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is a right lower lobe pneumonia. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. right lower lobe pneumonia. consider followup radiograph to document resolution
[Record ID: OpenI-4843] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is a right lower lobe pneumonia. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. right lower lobe pneumonia. consider followup radiograph to document resolution
[Record ID: OpenI-4844] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. old left rib fractures. lungs are clear without suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-4845] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4846] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4847] heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4848] heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4849] cardio mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. mildly low lung volumes. no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4850] cardio mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. mildly low lung volumes. no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4851] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidations. the osseous structures are intact. calcification in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen consistent with gallstone. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4852] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidations. the osseous structures are intact. calcification in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen consistent with gallstone. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4853] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. large bilateral hilar calcified lymph granulomas. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4854] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. large bilateral hilar calcified lymph granulomas. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4855] no unusual findings. lumbar spine. no fractures. no dislocations. disc spaces are normal. no degenerative disease. clips in the gallbladder region. thoracic spine. no fractures or dislocations. no significant degenerative disease. chest. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4856] no unusual findings. lumbar spine. no fractures. no dislocations. disc spaces are normal. no degenerative disease. clips in the gallbladder region. thoracic spine. no fractures or dislocations. no significant degenerative disease. chest. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-4857] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. stable left upper lobe calcified granuloma. heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. no acute pulmonary findings. mild cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-4858] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. stable left upper lobe calcified granuloma. heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. no acute pulmonary findings. mild cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-4859] trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures show no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4860] trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures show no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4861] trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures show no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4862] frontal and lateral views demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette to be within normal limits. there is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax. stable normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4863] frontal and lateral views demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette to be within normal limits. there is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax. stable normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4864] lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal. stable right paratracheal prominence, consistent with known calcified lymph node, seen on prior ct chest dated. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4865] lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal. stable right paratracheal prominence, consistent with known calcified lymph node, seen on prior ct chest dated. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4866] the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4867] the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4868] this study is limited by the patient body habitus. lungs appear to be clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. limited study but no evidence for acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4869] this study is limited by the patient body habitus. lungs appear to be clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. limited study but no evidence for acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4870] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4871] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4872] lungs are hyperinflated with interstitial changes of severe emphysema. there is an illdefined pleural parenchymal opacity in the left upper lobe. this may represent scarring but is incompletely evaluated on the outside study, without coronal and sagittal reformats. there is mild scarring andor atelectasis in the lung bases. lungs otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there is generalized osteopenia. severe emphysema. irregular, pleuralparenchymal opacity in left upper lobe. this may irregular pleuralparenchymal scarring, however, recommend comparison with more remote outside imaging, if available to determine longterm stability. if none are available, recommend shortterm in 3 to 4 months. evaluation of coronal and sagittal reformatted images from the outside study would also be helpful. these were not available at the outside institution. malignancy cannot be confidently excluded on the available images
[Record ID: OpenI-4873] lungs are hyperinflated with interstitial changes of severe emphysema. there is an illdefined pleural parenchymal opacity in the left upper lobe. this may represent scarring but is incompletely evaluated on the outside study, without coronal and sagittal reformats. there is mild scarring andor atelectasis in the lung bases. lungs otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there is generalized osteopenia. severe emphysema. irregular, pleuralparenchymal opacity in left upper lobe. this may irregular pleuralparenchymal scarring, however, recommend comparison with more remote outside imaging, if available to determine longterm stability. if none are available, recommend shortterm in 3 to 4 months. evaluation of coronal and sagittal reformatted images from the outside study would also be helpful. these were not available at the outside institution. malignancy cannot be confidently excluded on the available images
[Record ID: OpenI-4874] no findings. change. no active cardiopulmonary disease. thoracolumbar scoliosis
[Record ID: OpenI-4875] no findings. change. no active cardiopulmonary disease. thoracolumbar scoliosis
[Record ID: OpenI-4876] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lung are clear without evidence of effusion, infiltrate, or pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are intact. visualized soft tissues appear normal. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4877] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lung are clear without evidence of effusion, infiltrate, or pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are intact. visualized soft tissues appear normal. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4878] low lung volumes. bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring. stable left abdominal surgical clips. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. low lung volumes. bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-4879] low lung volumes. bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring. stable left abdominal surgical clips. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. low lung volumes. bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-4880] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-4881] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-4882] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. reduced lung volumes with basilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4883] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. reduced lung volumes with basilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4884] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. foreign body is noted in the soft tissues of the left chest wall. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4885] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. foreign body is noted in the soft tissues of the left chest wall. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4886] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissue is unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4887] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissue is unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4888] the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. cardiomegaly, but no focal consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-4889] the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. cardiomegaly, but no focal consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-4890] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4891] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4892] normal heart size and mediastinal contour. right lung base airspace disease on frontal. opacities in the left lung base consistent with atelectasis. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild wedge deformity of t12. right lung base airspace disease and left base atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4893] normal heart size and mediastinal contour. right lung base airspace disease on frontal. opacities in the left lung base consistent with atelectasis. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild wedge deformity of t12. right lung base airspace disease and left base atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4894] normal heart size. mild unfolding and atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. no focal air space consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4895] normal heart size. mild unfolding and atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. no focal air space consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4896] mediastinal contours are normal. heart size is within normal limits. multiple scattered calcified pulmonary nodules, sequela of prior granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs are clear.. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4897] mediastinal contours are normal. heart size is within normal limits. multiple scattered calcified pulmonary nodules, sequela of prior granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs are clear.. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4898] lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. pulmonary are normal. change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4899] lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. pulmonary are normal. change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4900] lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. pulmonary are normal. change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4901] chest 2 images. heart size is normal. mediastinal contours are maintained. there is a mild pectus excavatum deformity. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. there is no evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no convincing acute bony findings. right shoulder 3 images. there has been and screw fixation of the midshaft right clavicle. the lateral most screw is fractured. this is ageindeterminate as no prior studies are available for comparison. otherwise, the surgical appears intact. the humeral head is seen within the glenoid, without evidence for dislocation. no bony fractures are seen. the visualized right ribs appear intact. right clavicle 2 images. no clavicle fracture is seen. once again noted is the surgical fixation, with fracture of the lateral most fixation screw. chest no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. pectus excavatum. right shoulder and right clavicle no acute bony abnormality identified. the lateral most screw of the clavicular fixation is fractured. this is ageindeterminate as no prior studies are available for comparison. clinical correlation is
[Record ID: OpenI-4902] there is some minimal patchy opacity in left base which may represent atelectasis or scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal for age. there is some arthritic changes of the skeletal structures and there has been previous rotator repair on the right. minimal left basilar opacity most representing atelectasis or chronic scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-4903] there is some minimal patchy opacity in left base which may represent atelectasis or scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal for age. there is some arthritic changes of the skeletal structures and there has been previous rotator repair on the right. minimal left basilar opacity most representing atelectasis or chronic scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-4904] normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable, mild dextro curvature of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4905] heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4906] heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4907] cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there are stable fractures of several. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes are seen in the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4908] cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there are stable fractures of several. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes are seen in the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4909] calcified granulomas are present. there is an area of focal density overlying the right first rib and medial clavicle. this is approximately 2 cm in diameter. it may be secondary to overlapping structures. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is normal. calcifications of the aortic are seen. the skeletal structures are unremarkable. there has been a left mastectomy. focal density overlying the right first rib and medial right clavicle. this could be bony in origin but an underlying pulmonary lesion cannot be excluded. no prior images are currently available for comparison. if outside images are available comparison is recommended. otherwise scan of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4910] calcified granulomas are present. there is an area of focal density overlying the right first rib and medial clavicle. this is approximately 2 cm in diameter. it may be secondary to overlapping structures. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is normal. calcifications of the aortic are seen. the skeletal structures are unremarkable. there has been a left mastectomy. focal density overlying the right first rib and medial right clavicle. this could be bony in origin but an underlying pulmonary lesion cannot be excluded. no prior images are currently available for comparison. if outside images are available comparison is recommended. otherwise scan of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4911] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. the study is somewhat limited. no focal consolidation is seen. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4912] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. the study is somewhat limited. no focal consolidation is seen. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4913] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4914] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4915] there is airspace disease in the right lower lobe seen behind the right hemidiaphragm on pa view. this is also well seen on lateral view. remainder of the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. mediastinal contours are normal. the right lower lobe pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-4916] there is airspace disease in the right lower lobe seen behind the right hemidiaphragm on pa view. this is also well seen on lateral view. remainder of the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. mediastinal contours are normal. the right lower lobe pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-4917] no findings. stable silhouette. no pneumothorax. no focal consolidation. no large pleural effusion. unchanged pleural thickening at the visualized lung apices. mild osteopenia, degenerative changes. no fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-4918] no findings. stable silhouette. no pneumothorax. no focal consolidation. no large pleural effusion. unchanged pleural thickening at the visualized lung apices. mild osteopenia, degenerative changes. no fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-4919] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours with aortic ectasiatortuosity. left hilar and left lower lobe calcifications indicate a previous granulomatous process. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4920] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours with aortic ectasiatortuosity. left hilar and left lower lobe calcifications indicate a previous granulomatous process. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4921] the heart is enlarged. there is pulmonary vascular congestion with diffusely increased interstitial and mild patchy airspace opacities. the distribution pulmonary edema. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. cardiomegaly with vascular congestion and suspected pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-4922] the heart is enlarged. there is pulmonary vascular congestion with diffusely increased interstitial and mild patchy airspace opacities. the distribution pulmonary edema. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. cardiomegaly with vascular congestion and suspected pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-4923] no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal cardiac contours. clear lungs bilaterally. redemonstration of transmetatarsal amputation. no evidence of acute fracturedislocations. no evidence of any bony erosions or osseous infections. right foot no evidence of the bony erosions or osseous infection. chest radiograph no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4924] no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal cardiac contours. clear lungs bilaterally. redemonstration of transmetatarsal amputation. no evidence of acute fracturedislocations. no evidence of any bony erosions or osseous infections. right foot no evidence of the bony erosions or osseous infection. chest radiograph no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4925] there is stable cardiomegaly. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications are present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are present in the thoracic spine. stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4926] there is stable cardiomegaly. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications are present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are present in the thoracic spine. stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4927] tortuosity of the aorta. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal. intact. unchanged eventration of the left hemidiaphragm versus small hernia bochdalek. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4928] tortuosity of the aorta. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal. intact. unchanged eventration of the left hemidiaphragm versus small hernia bochdalek. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4929] no findings. elevated diaphragms with atelectasis in the bases. normal heart size. mild spondylosis
[Record ID: OpenI-4930] no findings. elevated diaphragms with atelectasis in the bases. normal heart size. mild spondylosis
[Record ID: OpenI-4931] no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities are identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4932] no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities are identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4933] cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4934] cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4935] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4936] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4937] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. nodular densities projecting over the posterior 9th ribs bilaterally are consistent with nipple shadows. lungs are hyperexpanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. hyperexpansion without acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4938] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4939] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4940] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4941] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4942] low lung volumes and patient rotation. given differences in technique, heart size within normal limits. persistent right basilar opacity, atelectasis. no suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine. persistent stable right basilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4943] low lung volumes and patient rotation. given differences in technique, heart size within normal limits. persistent right basilar opacity, atelectasis. no suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine. persistent stable right basilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-4944] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-4945] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion. there are spine marginal osteophytes. stable chest. no acute disease process identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4946] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion. there are spine marginal osteophytes. stable chest. no acute disease process identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4947] heart size and vascularity normal. lungs clear. no effusions or pneumothorax. limited degenerative change of the spine. no radiographic evidence for thoracic metastases
[Record ID: OpenI-4948] heart size and vascularity normal. lungs clear. no effusions or pneumothorax. limited degenerative change of the spine. no radiographic evidence for thoracic metastases
[Record ID: OpenI-4949] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4950] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4951] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. there is no focal consolidation. thoracic spondylosis. emphysema without superimposed pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-4952] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. there is no focal consolidation. thoracic spondylosis. emphysema without superimposed pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-4953] stable appearance of chest with no findings of disease progression. heart and mediastinum stable configuration. stable elevation of left hemidiaphragm. lungs clear of consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax intact. minimal spondylosis of the lower thoracic spine. stable appearance of chest without active process evident and without evidence of progression of disease in patient with history of hodgkins lymphoma. if one would like to discuss this case further, please. at. thanks
[Record ID: OpenI-4954] stable appearance of chest with no findings of disease progression. heart and mediastinum stable configuration. stable elevation of left hemidiaphragm. lungs clear of consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax intact. minimal spondylosis of the lower thoracic spine. stable appearance of chest without active process evident and without evidence of progression of disease in patient with history of hodgkins lymphoma. if one would like to discuss this case further, please. at. thanks
[Record ID: OpenI-4955] no findings. chest three total images. the heart size is within normal limits. mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. no abnormal mediastinal widening is appreciated. normal pulmonary vascularity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is an sshaped curvature of the thoracolumbar spine and a mild kyphosis at the thoraco lumbar junction without clear deformity identified. left shoulder there is a mildly comminuted fracture at the junction of the middle and lateral thirds of the left clavicle, the distal most fragment is displaced superiorly approximately 25 bone width. glenohumeral alignment appears preserved without dislocation and no additional acute fractures are seen. there is mild superior subluxation of the humerus on the glenoid which suggests reflect chronic rotator pathology dysmorphic ossification superolateral to the humeral head reflecting calcific tendinitis
[Record ID: OpenI-4956] no findings. chest three total images. the heart size is within normal limits. mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. no abnormal mediastinal widening is appreciated. normal pulmonary vascularity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is an sshaped curvature of the thoracolumbar spine and a mild kyphosis at the thoraco lumbar junction without clear deformity identified. left shoulder there is a mildly comminuted fracture at the junction of the middle and lateral thirds of the left clavicle, the distal most fragment is displaced superiorly approximately 25 bone width. glenohumeral alignment appears preserved without dislocation and no additional acute fractures are seen. there is mild superior subluxation of the humerus on the glenoid which suggests reflect chronic rotator pathology dysmorphic ossification superolateral to the humeral head reflecting calcific tendinitis
[Record ID: OpenI-4957] no focal areas of consolidation. heart size normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4958] no focal areas of consolidation. heart size normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4959] moderate bilateral interstitial edema, with cardiomegaly and bilateral effusion consistent with moderate cardiac failure. a large calcified right mediastinal adenopathy, chronic fungal. no pneumothorax. moderate congestive cardiac failure
[Record ID: OpenI-4960] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left subclavian central catheter tip in distal svc. no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4961] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left subclavian central catheter tip in distal svc. no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4962] the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. foreign body in the posterior soft tissues appear stable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4963] the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. foreign body in the posterior soft tissues appear stable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4964] sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4965] sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-4966] pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mild nodular prominence of the right hilum, without significant change. lung volumes are decreased, with crowding. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. low lung volumes with mild crowding
[Record ID: OpenI-4967] pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mild nodular prominence of the right hilum, without significant change. lung volumes are decreased, with crowding. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. low lung volumes with mild crowding
[Record ID: OpenI-4968] heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4969] heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4970] the heart is is at the upper limits of normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4971] the heart is is at the upper limits of normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4972] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4973] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4974] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4975] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-4976] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. mild levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4977] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. mild levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4978] lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4979] lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4980] heart, mediastinum,, bony structures are unremarkable. possible subtle increased opacity in right apex versus technique. otherwise no significant interval change compared to prior study. possible subtle increased opacity in right apex otherwise unremarkable appearance of lung
[Record ID: OpenI-4981] heart, mediastinum,, bony structures are unremarkable. possible subtle increased opacity in right apex versus technique. otherwise no significant interval change compared to prior study. possible subtle increased opacity in right apex otherwise unremarkable appearance of lung
[Record ID: OpenI-4982] normal cardiomediastinal contours. no focal consolidation or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4983] normal cardiomediastinal contours. no focal consolidation or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-4984] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. no evidence of active tuberculosis. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4985] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. no evidence of active tuberculosis. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-4986] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4987] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-4988] minimal right sided perihilar atelectasis. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. the heart size is normal. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4989] minimal right sided perihilar atelectasis. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. the heart size is normal. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-4990] there is stable mild cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary vascular congestion. they are stable tortuosity of the aorta. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. no acute process. stable cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-4991] there is stable mild cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary vascular congestion. they are stable tortuosity of the aorta. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. no acute process. stable cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-4992] pa and lateral radiograph the chest demonstrate stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4993] pa and lateral radiograph the chest demonstrate stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4994] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma in the anterior left lower lobe. are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4995] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma in the anterior left lower lobe. are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-4996] the cardiac silhouette size is at the upper limits of normal. central vascular markings are mildly prominent. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. mild central vascular prominence, congestion. heart size at the upper limits of normal
[Record ID: OpenI-4997] the cardiac silhouette size is at the upper limits of normal. central vascular markings are mildly prominent. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. mild central vascular prominence, congestion. heart size at the upper limits of normal
[Record ID: OpenI-4998] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-4999] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5000] evaluation is limited by body habitus and ap technique. enteric suction catheter courses below diaphragm and film. stable heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes. no pneumothorax. cardiac generator leads over the right atrium and right ventricle. two bilateral pleural effusions. technically limited exam. low lung volumes with bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-5001] evaluation is limited by body habitus and ap technique. enteric suction catheter courses below diaphragm and film. stable heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes. no pneumothorax. cardiac generator leads over the right atrium and right ventricle. two bilateral pleural effusions. technically limited exam. low lung volumes with bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-5002] lung volumes remain low. no infiltrates. heart and pulmonary are normal. change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5003] lung volumes remain low. no infiltrates. heart and pulmonary are normal. change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5004] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. heart size is normal. cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5005] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. heart size is normal. cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5006] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. specifically, no radiographically apparent etiology for hemoptysis
[Record ID: OpenI-5007] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. specifically, no radiographically apparent etiology for hemoptysis
[Record ID: OpenI-5008] rightsided internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the right atrium. postsurgical changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy. left base opacities again noted, stable. there is a left lung opacity, not well appreciated on prior. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. low lung volumes. degenerative changes thoracic spine. left midlung opacity, not well seen on prior exam, may represent focus of airspace disease. stable left base opacities, scarring or atelectasis. postsurgical changes as above
[Record ID: OpenI-5009] rightsided internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the right atrium. postsurgical changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy. left base opacities again noted, stable. there is a left lung opacity, not well appreciated on prior. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. low lung volumes. degenerative changes thoracic spine. left midlung opacity, not well seen on prior exam, may represent focus of airspace disease. stable left base opacities, scarring or atelectasis. postsurgical changes as above
[Record ID: OpenI-5010] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. multiple healed posterior left rib fractures. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5011] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. multiple healed posterior left rib fractures. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5012] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5013] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5014] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. patchy airspace opacities in the left lower lobe, compatible with infiltrate. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. left lower lobe infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-5015] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. patchy airspace opacities in the left lower lobe, compatible with infiltrate. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. left lower lobe infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-5016] stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. the lungs remain grossly clear, aside from mild biapical pleuralperipheral scarring and minimal chronic interstitial changes. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5017] stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. the lungs remain grossly clear, aside from mild biapical pleuralperipheral scarring and minimal chronic interstitial changes. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5018] unchanged cardiomegaly. there is continued interstitial prominence bilaterally. unchanged vascular appearance. there is patchy retrocardiac opacity. negative for pneumothorax. unchanged appearance of the chest with interstitial prominence the differential of which is but could include interstitial edema, infectious process or interstitial disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5019] unchanged cardiomegaly. there is continued interstitial prominence bilaterally. unchanged vascular appearance. there is patchy retrocardiac opacity. negative for pneumothorax. unchanged appearance of the chest with interstitial prominence the differential of which is but could include interstitial edema, infectious process or interstitial disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5020] no findings. 9 left midlung nodule without benign calcification. ct of the chest is recommended to further evaluate for possible malignancy. heart size and mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits. normal vascularity. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. critical results discussed. at the time of interpretation,, hours telephone
[Record ID: OpenI-5021] no findings. 9 left midlung nodule without benign calcification. ct of the chest is recommended to further evaluate for possible malignancy. heart size and mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits. normal vascularity. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. critical results discussed. at the time of interpretation,, hours telephone
[Record ID: OpenI-5022] heart size upper limits of normal. small amount of left basilar airspace disease. the right lung is clear. there are no cavitary lesions seen. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. left basilar atelectasis andor infiltrate, with no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-5023] heart size upper limits of normal. small amount of left basilar airspace disease. the right lung is clear. there are no cavitary lesions seen. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. left basilar atelectasis andor infiltrate, with no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-5024] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5025] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5026] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. large hiatal hernia. no acute cardiopulmonary process. large hiatal hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-5027] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. large hiatal hernia. no acute cardiopulmonary process. large hiatal hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-5028] heart size and vascularity normal. lungs are clear. no effusions or pneumothorax. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5029] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. patchy right lower lobe airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. mild, nonconsolidating right lower lobe airspace disease. this may represent an early pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-5030] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. patchy right lower lobe airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. mild, nonconsolidating right lower lobe airspace disease. this may represent an early pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-5031] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation, effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5032] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation, effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5033] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5034] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5035] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5036] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5037] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. negative for pneumoperitoneum. bony thorax and soft tissue grossly unremarkable. negative acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5038] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. negative for pneumoperitoneum. bony thorax and soft tissue grossly unremarkable. negative acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5039] lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. there is widening adjacent to the right paratracheal stripe, most represents the svc with rotated position. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5040] lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. there is widening adjacent to the right paratracheal stripe, most represents the svc with rotated position. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5041] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size cardiac silhouette, allowing for an ap projection. normal contour of the mediastinum and aorta. grossly clear lungs. no obvious pneumothorax or hemothorax. no acute displaced clavicle or rib fractures. no acute thoracic
[Record ID: OpenI-5042] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size cardiac silhouette, allowing for an ap projection. normal contour of the mediastinum and aorta. grossly clear lungs. no obvious pneumothorax or hemothorax. no acute displaced clavicle or rib fractures. no acute thoracic
[Record ID: OpenI-5043] the trachea is midline. cardio mediastinal silhouette is normal in contour with overlying sternotomy. the lungs are clear without acute infiltrate, effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no fractures or dislocations. no acute abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5044] the trachea is midline. cardio mediastinal silhouette is normal in contour with overlying sternotomy. the lungs are clear without acute infiltrate, effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no fractures or dislocations. no acute abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5045] elevated right hemidiaphragm. clear lungs. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal with tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta. generative changes within the spine. in the upper lumbar spine there is an ageindeterminate wedge of a vertebral body. heart size upper limits of normal with clear lungs. ageindeterminate deformity of an upper lumbar spine vertebral body
[Record ID: OpenI-5046] elevated right hemidiaphragm. clear lungs. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal with tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta. generative changes within the spine. in the upper lumbar spine there is an ageindeterminate wedge of a vertebral body. heart size upper limits of normal with clear lungs. ageindeterminate deformity of an upper lumbar spine vertebral body
[Record ID: OpenI-5047] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-5048] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-5049] the cardiac contours are normal. scarring left base. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute preoperative process
[Record ID: OpenI-5050] the cardiac contours are normal. scarring left base. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute preoperative process
[Record ID: OpenI-5051] stable flattening of the posterior diaphragm and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasiatortuosity, stable mediastinal contours. no definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. following spine ossifications and marginal osteophytes again noted. chronic changes as described, no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5052] stable flattening of the posterior diaphragm and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasiatortuosity, stable mediastinal contours. no definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. following spine ossifications and marginal osteophytes again noted. chronic changes as described, no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5053] there is hyperexpansion with mild flattening of diaphragm. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. contrast retained within the renal collecting. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. emphysematous changes retained contrast within the renal collecting
[Record ID: OpenI-5054] there is hyperexpansion with mild flattening of diaphragm. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. contrast retained within the renal collecting. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. emphysematous changes retained contrast within the renal collecting
[Record ID: OpenI-5055] no findings. heart size or great lungs are clear. calcified 5 mm granuloma in the right upper lobe underneath the second anterior rib end
[Record ID: OpenI-5056] no findings. heart size or great lungs are clear. calcified 5 mm granuloma in the right upper lobe underneath the second anterior rib end
[Record ID: OpenI-5057] no findings. normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. no of pleural effusions. no infiltrates. moderate scoliosis in the thoracolumbar spine. normal of chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5058] no findings. normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. no of pleural effusions. no infiltrates. moderate scoliosis in the thoracolumbar spine. normal of chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5059] calcified granulomata are present in the right middle lobe and right upper lobe. these are unchanged since the previous examination. both lungs are free of active infiltrates. heart size normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5060] no findings. mild cardiomegaly. there are a few thin peripheral reticular opacities in the bases compatible with mild edema given mild central venous congestion. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-5061] no findings. mild cardiomegaly. there are a few thin peripheral reticular opacities in the bases compatible with mild edema given mild central venous congestion. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-5062] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. old rightsided rib deformities are noted. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5063] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. old rightsided rib deformities are noted. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5064] cardiomegaly andor pericardial effusion. right base opacity combination of pleural effusion and atelectasisairspace disease. cannot exclude elevation right hemidiaphragm. left lung relatively clear. limited exam due to underpenetrated technique related to large patient habitus. no evidence of pneumothorax. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-5065] cardiomegaly andor pericardial effusion. right base opacity combination of pleural effusion and atelectasisairspace disease. cannot exclude elevation right hemidiaphragm. left lung relatively clear. limited exam due to underpenetrated technique related to large patient habitus. no evidence of pneumothorax. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-5066] no findings. borderline heart size, improved mediastinal widening. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. mild hypoventilation, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-5067] no findings. borderline heart size, improved mediastinal widening. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. mild hypoventilation, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-5068] there may be a subtle airspace opacity in the right base near the midclavicular line. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. possible area of pneumonitis right lower lobe
[Record ID: OpenI-5069] there may be a subtle airspace opacity in the right base near the midclavicular line. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. possible area of pneumonitis right lower lobe
[Record ID: OpenI-5070] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5071] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5072] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically, no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-5073] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically, no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-5074] low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. calcified bilateral hilar lymph, greater on the left. no acute osseous findings. low lung volumes. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5075] low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. calcified bilateral hilar lymph, greater on the left. no acute osseous findings. low lung volumes. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5076] there are tspine osteophytes. small nodule projecting near the left heart is unchanged from and appears calcified. this represents a calcified granuloma. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5077] there are tspine osteophytes. small nodule projecting near the left heart is unchanged from and appears calcified. this represents a calcified granuloma. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5078] no findings. heart size is normal. left midlung small calcified granulomas unchanged. persistent partial middle lobe atelectasis and infiltrate seen on the lateral
[Record ID: OpenI-5079] the cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. nipple shadows and dense breast tissue overlie the lung bases. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. borderline cardiomegaly. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5080] the cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. nipple shadows and dense breast tissue overlie the lung bases. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. borderline cardiomegaly. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5081] the lungs are wellexpanded and clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. the cardiomediastinal contour is normal. no acute osseous lesions are identified. no active pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5082] the lungs are wellexpanded and clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. the cardiomediastinal contour is normal. no acute osseous lesions are identified. no active pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5083] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. calcified ap lymph are seen. a small rightsided pleural effusion versus thickening. right inferior rib deformities. stable blunting of right costophrenic with small pleural effusion versus thickening and associated healed right rib deformities
[Record ID: OpenI-5084] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. calcified ap lymph are seen. a small rightsided pleural effusion versus thickening. right inferior rib deformities. stable blunting of right costophrenic with small pleural effusion versus thickening and associated healed right rib deformities
[Record ID: OpenI-5085] the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is at the upper limits of normal. calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is stable in appearance compared to the previous examinations. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5086] the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is at the upper limits of normal. calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is stable in appearance compared to the previous examinations. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5087] heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal contour is normal without mediastinal widening. lungs are clear bilaterally. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5088] heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal contour is normal without mediastinal widening. lungs are clear bilaterally. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5089] this study is limited secondary to patient body habitus. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. limited study but no acute pulmonary disease identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5090] this study is limited secondary to patient body habitus. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. limited study but no acute pulmonary disease identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5091] evaluation is limited due to obscuration by the patients arm on the lateral view. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. are chronic, coarse interstitial lung markings. peripheral opacity along the right mid lung reflects scar or a small amount of loculated pleural fluid or thickening. otherwise negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. hyperlucent lungs with apical. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the to be grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-5092] evaluation is limited due to obscuration by the patients arm on the lateral view. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. are chronic, coarse interstitial lung markings. peripheral opacity along the right mid lung reflects scar or a small amount of loculated pleural fluid or thickening. otherwise negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. hyperlucent lungs with apical. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the to be grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-5093] no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is anterior fusion at the cervicothoracic junction. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5094] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. suspected artifact over the bilateral neck soft tissues and supraclavicular fossae. normal. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5095] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. suspected artifact over the bilateral neck soft tissues and supraclavicular fossae. normal. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5096] no findings. sternotomy are noted in. vascular clips are noted consistent with previous coronary artery bypass graft. the previously seen central venous line catheter has been removed. a left pleural effusion remains. underlying atelectasis is suspected. given differences in technique, the effusion is not to be significantly different but is favored to be lower end of moderate for size. osseous structures are remarkable for osteopenia, degenerative changes and there is some kyphosis noted to the thoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-5097] a lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. degenerative changes in the spine. cardiomegaly with low lung volumes which are grossly clear
[Record ID: OpenI-5098] a lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. degenerative changes in the spine. cardiomegaly with low lung volumes which are grossly clear
[Record ID: OpenI-5099] heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5100] heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5101] the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5102] the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5103] trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5104] no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5105] no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5106] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5107] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5108] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are well expanded without consolidation or edema. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5109] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are well expanded without consolidation or edema. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5110] there are opacities in the left lung, subsegmental atelectasis. opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal reflect epicardial fat and overlying breast tissue. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. no acute findings. left mid lung subsegmental atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-5111] there are opacities in the left lung, subsegmental atelectasis. opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal reflect epicardial fat and overlying breast tissue. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. no acute findings. left mid lung subsegmental atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-5112] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is an old healed fracture through the right 8th rib. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5113] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is an old healed fracture through the right 8th rib. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5114] no findings. the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar appear unremarkable. a lumen catheter is seen overlying the right chest and entering from subclavian approach. the tip is noted in the superior inferiorly. no pneumothorax identified. the lungs appear clear. few calcified granulomata are noted incidentally. osseous structures appear to be within normal limits. previously seen leftsided picc line has been removed
[Record ID: OpenI-5115] no findings. the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar appear unremarkable. a lumen catheter is seen overlying the right chest and entering from subclavian approach. the tip is noted in the superior inferiorly. no pneumothorax identified. the lungs appear clear. few calcified granulomata are noted incidentally. osseous structures appear to be within normal limits. previously seen leftsided picc line has been removed
[Record ID: OpenI-5116] frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. incidental note of an azygos fissure. there are surgical clips, perhaps from cholecystectomy, in the right upper quadrant. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5117] frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. incidental note of an azygos fissure. there are surgical clips, perhaps from cholecystectomy, in the right upper quadrant. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5118] twoview chest. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. right foot. hindfoot, midfoot, forefoot are intact with no fractures or bone destruction. chest. no active disease. right foot. negative
[Record ID: OpenI-5119] twoview chest. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. right foot. hindfoot, midfoot, forefoot are intact with no fractures or bone destruction. chest. no active disease. right foot. negative
[Record ID: OpenI-5120] intact sternotomy. stable cardiomegaly with grossly unchanged rightward mediastinal shift. unchanged appearance of left perihilar calcified lymph and left basilar calcified granuloma. relatively unchanged appearance of prominent interstitial markings with patchy bibasilar atelectasis. the negative for pneumothorax, focal infiltrate, or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. stable cardiomegaly with right mediastinal shift. stable interstitial markings and prominent bibasilar airspace opacities which represent atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-5121] intact sternotomy. stable cardiomegaly with grossly unchanged rightward mediastinal shift. unchanged appearance of left perihilar calcified lymph and left basilar calcified granuloma. relatively unchanged appearance of prominent interstitial markings with patchy bibasilar atelectasis. the negative for pneumothorax, focal infiltrate, or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. stable cardiomegaly with right mediastinal shift. stable interstitial markings and prominent bibasilar airspace opacities which represent atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-5122] right chest central venous line is noted with tip in the mid svc. there is no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no acute focal airspace opacification. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5123] right chest central venous line is noted with tip in the mid svc. there is no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no acute focal airspace opacification. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5124] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. multiple filled loops of bowel are present. gastrostomy is noted. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-5125] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is mild calcification of the aortic, consistent with atherosclerosis. the lung volumes are low, with bronchovascular crowding. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. moderate degenerative changes of the spine. low lung volume study, no acute pulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5126] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is mild calcification of the aortic, consistent with atherosclerosis. the lung volumes are low, with bronchovascular crowding. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. moderate degenerative changes of the spine. low lung volume study, no acute pulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5127] no findings. exam is technically limited by patients body habitus. lung volumes are decreased. no evidence of acute airspace disease, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is stable
[Record ID: OpenI-5128] no findings. exam is technically limited by patients body habitus. lung volumes are decreased. no evidence of acute airspace disease, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is stable
[Record ID: OpenI-5129] normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are no acute osseous abnormalities present. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. the soft tissues are within normal limits. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5130] normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are no acute osseous abnormalities present. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. the soft tissues are within normal limits. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5131] mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5132] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5133] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5134] there are mildly diminished lung volumes. cardiac silhouette is normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5135] there are mildly diminished lung volumes. cardiac silhouette is normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5136] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5137] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5138] low lung volumes. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. mild degenerate change of the thoracic spine. stable cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5139] low lung volumes. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. mild degenerate change of the thoracic spine. stable cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5140] no findings. heart size within normal limits. no abnormal mediastinal widening. no edema. no focal consolidation. blunting of the posterior right sulcus may reflect a right pleural effusion. no pneumothoraces. flowing osteophytes are seen through the mid and lower thoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-5141] no findings. heart size within normal limits. no abnormal mediastinal widening. no edema. no focal consolidation. blunting of the posterior right sulcus may reflect a right pleural effusion. no pneumothoraces. flowing osteophytes are seen through the mid and lower thoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-5142] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5143] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, right chest tip in the low svc. monitoring device artifacts. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5144] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, right chest tip in the low svc. monitoring device artifacts. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5145] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. aorta is tortuous. calcified lymph are again identified. there is mild prominence of the right paratracheal soft tissues, stable in appearance from prior studies. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. osteopenia and degenerative changes are identified. deformity of t9 appears worse than prior study. emphysema without acute infiltrate. progressive deformity of midthoracic vertebral body, t9
[Record ID: OpenI-5146] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lung. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. osteopenia with mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine is noted. stable appearance of the chest. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5147] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lung. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. osteopenia with mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine is noted. stable appearance of the chest. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5148] the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5149] the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5150] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5151] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. calcified right lower lobe granuloma. no focal airspace consolidation.. no visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5152] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. calcified right lower lobe granuloma. no focal airspace consolidation.. no visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5153] lung volumes are low. no infiltrates. heart and mediastinum are normal. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5154] lung volumes are low. no infiltrates. heart and mediastinum are normal. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5155] lung volumes are low. no infiltrates. heart and mediastinum are normal. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5156] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. there is right lower lobe scarring. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. granulomas present. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no acute bony abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5157] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. there is right lower lobe scarring. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. granulomas present. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no acute bony abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5158] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5159] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5160] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal. no evidence of acute thoracic
[Record ID: OpenI-5161] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal. no evidence of acute thoracic
[Record ID: OpenI-5162] lungs are clear. heart size normal. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-5163] lungs are clear. heart size normal. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-5164] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic. opacities in the left lung base, atelectasis. the lateral view shows a left pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax. stable bilateral apical pleural capping. small left pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-5165] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic. opacities in the left lung base, atelectasis. the lateral view shows a left pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax. stable bilateral apical pleural capping. small left pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-5166] the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. these t contours appear normal. there is a fracture of the midthoracic vertebral body. this vertebral body does not appear sclerotic. the age of this fracture is unknown. there are healed fractures of several left anterior ribs. there is a healed left clavicle fracture. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence of pulmonary nodules. a single nonsclerotic mid thoracic vertebral fracture is present. without a comparison study, the age of this fracture is unknown. metastatic disease is possible, however given the nonsclerotic appearance, is not. healed left clavicle and left anterior rib fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-5167] the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. these t contours appear normal. there is a fracture of the midthoracic vertebral body. this vertebral body does not appear sclerotic. the age of this fracture is unknown. there are healed fractures of several left anterior ribs. there is a healed left clavicle fracture. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence of pulmonary nodules. a single nonsclerotic mid thoracic vertebral fracture is present. without a comparison study, the age of this fracture is unknown. metastatic disease is possible, however given the nonsclerotic appearance, is not. healed left clavicle and left anterior rib fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-5168] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. mild biapical scarring is identified. there is a nodular density in the right midlung which is stable from prior studies and noted to represent a granuloma on of. however, additional foci in the right upper lung are questioned. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. no acute disease. vague right uppermid lung nodular densities versus scarring and superimposed structures. ct may be warranted given patients history
[Record ID: OpenI-5169] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. mild biapical scarring is identified. there is a nodular density in the right midlung which is stable from prior studies and noted to represent a granuloma on of. however, additional foci in the right upper lung are questioned. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. no acute disease. vague right uppermid lung nodular densities versus scarring and superimposed structures. ct may be warranted given patients history
[Record ID: OpenI-5170] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. again seen is evidence of prior cabg. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. right and left pleural effusions. there is right greater than left bibasilar atelectasis. blines seen at the lung bases. no consolidation or pneumothorax. bilateral pleural effusions, right larger than left. early interstitial show pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-5171] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. again seen is evidence of prior cabg. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. right and left pleural effusions. there is right greater than left bibasilar atelectasis. blines seen at the lung bases. no consolidation or pneumothorax. bilateral pleural effusions, right larger than left. early interstitial show pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-5172] heart is large. pulmonary are engorged. bibasilar interstitial infiltrates and bilateral costophrenic blunting are present. congestive heart failure with basilar pulmonary interstitial edema and bilateral pleural fluid
[Record ID: OpenI-5173] heart is large. pulmonary are engorged. bibasilar interstitial infiltrates and bilateral costophrenic blunting are present. congestive heart failure with basilar pulmonary interstitial edema and bilateral pleural fluid
[Record ID: OpenI-5174] no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. extensive degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. mildly enlarged heart. tortuous aorta. aortic calcifications. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5175] no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. extensive degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. mildly enlarged heart. tortuous aorta. aortic calcifications. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5176] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. cholecystectomy clips overlie the right upper quadrant. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5177] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. cholecystectomy clips overlie the right upper quadrant. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5178] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5179] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5180] aorta is ectatic. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. ageindeterminate anterior wedging deformity of lower thoracic vertebra. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5181] aorta is ectatic. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. ageindeterminate anterior wedging deformity of lower thoracic vertebra. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5182] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5183] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5184] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-5185] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-5186] there is a cortical irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum. in addition, there is a focal retrosternal hypodense convexity. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is torturous however the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. there is streaky opacity within the left lung base representing atelectasis. otherwise, the lungs are clear. there is thoracic kyphosis. there is hyperinflation of the lungs. core irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum may represent an ageindeterminate nondisplaced fracture. in addition, focal lentiform hyperdensity along the aspect of the sternum may represent callus formation. left basilar atelectasis otherwise clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-5187] there is a cortical irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum. in addition, there is a focal retrosternal hypodense convexity. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is torturous however the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. there is streaky opacity within the left lung base representing atelectasis. otherwise, the lungs are clear. there is thoracic kyphosis. there is hyperinflation of the lungs. core irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum may represent an ageindeterminate nondisplaced fracture. in addition, focal lentiform hyperdensity along the aspect of the sternum may represent callus formation. left basilar atelectasis otherwise clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-5188] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. prominent ascending aorta. calcified left hilar
[Record ID: OpenI-5189] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. prominent ascending aorta. calcified left hilar
[Record ID: OpenI-5190] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no evidence of active tuberculosis. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5191] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no evidence of active tuberculosis. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5192] cardiomegaly is present. the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. thoracic aorta is tortuous. patient is status post sternotomy. surgical clips are present in the left axilla. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5193] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are free of acute infiltrates and expanded. strandy scarring in the left lower lobe is unchanged. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5194] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are free of acute infiltrates and expanded. strandy scarring in the left lower lobe is unchanged. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5195] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5196] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5197] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5198] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5199] bilateral calcified granulomas stable compared to prior examination, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormality identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5200] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5201] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5202] heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no visible pneumothorax. right pleural effusion blunting posterior costophrenic. there is a of subsegmental atelectasis of the left lung base. there is alveolar airspace disease in the medial right lung base. multilevel degenerative disease of the visualized portions of the thoracolumbar spine. cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. right medial basilar airspace disease. left lower lobe subsegmental atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-5203] heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no visible pneumothorax. right pleural effusion blunting posterior costophrenic. there is a of subsegmental atelectasis of the left lung base. there is alveolar airspace disease in the medial right lung base. multilevel degenerative disease of the visualized portions of the thoracolumbar spine. cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. right medial basilar airspace disease. left lower lobe subsegmental atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-5204] stable cardiomegaly. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are noted. there is a prominence of the pulmonary vasculature. no consolidating airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion
[Record ID: OpenI-5205] stable cardiomegaly. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are noted. there is a prominence of the pulmonary vasculature. no consolidating airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion
[Record ID: OpenI-5206] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5207] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5208] stable cardiomegaly. calcified tortuous aorta. no focal air space disease. stable chronic lung changes. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. diffuse degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5209] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5210] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5211] consolidation, atelectasis, and costophrenic blunting in the left lower lobe have cleared in the interval. a persistent patchy infiltrate is present in the right middle lobe. no infiltrates. heart is slightly large. pulmonary are normal. aorta remains tortuous. cleared left lower lobe airspace disease with persistent right middle lobe airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5212] consolidation, atelectasis, and costophrenic blunting in the left lower lobe have cleared in the interval. a persistent patchy infiltrate is present in the right middle lobe. no infiltrates. heart is slightly large. pulmonary are normal. aorta remains tortuous. cleared left lower lobe airspace disease with persistent right middle lobe airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5213] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-5214] there is obscuration of the bilateral lung bases with lower lung volumes compared to prior examination. stable atelectaticfibrotic changes of the visualized lung, and stable leftsided calcified granuloma. no acute osseous abnormalities identified. cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable. obscuration of the bilateral lung bases, combination of atelectasis, infiltrate, effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-5215] there is obscuration of the bilateral lung bases with lower lung volumes compared to prior examination. stable atelectaticfibrotic changes of the visualized lung, and stable leftsided calcified granuloma. no acute osseous abnormalities identified. cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable. obscuration of the bilateral lung bases, combination of atelectasis, infiltrate, effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-5216] no findings. heart size is within normal limits. no edema. bandlike scarring in the right base. no pleural effusion, lobar consolidation or pneumothorax. multiple coarse calcifications in the epigastrium are seen on the lateral radiograph, not well localized on the frontal image. could represent pancreatic parenchymal calcifications of chronic pancreatitis or old granulomatous sequela
[Record ID: OpenI-5217] no findings. heart size is within normal limits. no edema. bandlike scarring in the right base. no pleural effusion, lobar consolidation or pneumothorax. multiple coarse calcifications in the epigastrium are seen on the lateral radiograph, not well localized on the frontal image. could represent pancreatic parenchymal calcifications of chronic pancreatitis or old granulomatous sequela
[Record ID: OpenI-5218] compared to prior examination, there is significant improvement in aeration bilaterally, with improved bilateral airspace opacities. currently, there are only minimal streaky opacities in the bilateral midlung, which may represent mild residual airspace disease, atelectasis, or underlying changes of chronic lung disease. no large focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or definite pleural effusions identified. the mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. no acute osseous abnormality is identified. significant improvement in bilateral airspace disease and improved aeration bilaterally as described above
[Record ID: OpenI-5219] compared to prior examination, there is significant improvement in aeration bilaterally, with improved bilateral airspace opacities. currently, there are only minimal streaky opacities in the bilateral midlung, which may represent mild residual airspace disease, atelectasis, or underlying changes of chronic lung disease. no large focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or definite pleural effusions identified. the mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. no acute osseous abnormality is identified. significant improvement in bilateral airspace disease and improved aeration bilaterally as described above
[Record ID: OpenI-5220] heart and mediastinum are at the upper limits of normal size. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. there is no acute, displaced rib fracture. bony structures are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5221] heart and mediastinum are at the upper limits of normal size. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. there is no acute, displaced rib fracture. bony structures are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5222] the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. a wedgeshaped opacity has developed in the right upper lobe. there is also patchy opacification identified in the left upper lobe. no acute bony abnormality. interval development of bilateral upper lobe consolidation, right greater than left, representing pneumonia.. followup imaging to document resolution is recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-5223] the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. a wedgeshaped opacity has developed in the right upper lobe. there is also patchy opacification identified in the left upper lobe. no acute bony abnormality. interval development of bilateral upper lobe consolidation, right greater than left, representing pneumonia.. followup imaging to document resolution is recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-5224] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. old healed left 5th and 6th rib fractures are seen laterally. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5225] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. old healed left 5th and 6th rib fractures are seen laterally. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5226] heart size is upper limits of normal for ap projection. mediastinal contours and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. the patients chin obscures the bilateral lung apices. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fractures are seen. there are moderate degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. moderate thoracic spondylosis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5227] heart size is upper limits of normal for ap projection. mediastinal contours and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. the patients chin obscures the bilateral lung apices. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fractures are seen. there are moderate degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. moderate thoracic spondylosis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5228] cardiomegaly and tortuous calcified thoracic aorta are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity. minimal streaky bibasilar opacities. blunted left costophrenic. bony demineralization. degenerative changes of the spine. verterbroplasty change near the thoracolumbar junction. upper abdominal surgical changes. chronic appearing deformity of the proximal right humerus. old right rib fractures. mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. minimal bibasal subsegmental atelectasisscar. very small left pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-5229] cardiomegaly and tortuous calcified thoracic aorta are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity. minimal streaky bibasilar opacities. blunted left costophrenic. bony demineralization. degenerative changes of the spine. verterbroplasty change near the thoracolumbar junction. upper abdominal surgical changes. chronic appearing deformity of the proximal right humerus. old right rib fractures. mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. minimal bibasal subsegmental atelectasisscar. very small left pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-5230] there is a in the left chest with catheter tip terminating in the superior. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged, similar to prior study. there is minimal pulmonary vascular congestion. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are stable mild interstitial lung changes, which could be related to chronic edema or fibrosis. stable cardiomegaly. no acute infiltrate or effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-5231] there is a in the left chest with catheter tip terminating in the superior. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged, similar to prior study. there is minimal pulmonary vascular congestion. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are stable mild interstitial lung changes, which could be related to chronic edema or fibrosis. stable cardiomegaly. no acute infiltrate or effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-5232] there is interval removal of the tracheostomy tube and right subclavian central venous catheter. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. there are pulmonary opacities with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic, on the right greater than left, with pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe. right perihilar opacities. no pneumothorax identified. enlarged cardiac silhouette, possibly consistent with mild cardiomegaly versus a small pericardial effusion. mild bibasilar atelectasis andor infiltrates with probable small bilateral pleural effusions, on the right greater than left, and pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe
[Record ID: OpenI-5233] no findings. heart size normal. over expanded lungs. aortic valve prosthesis. calcified right hilar lymph node. stable peripheral right lower lobe opacities seen between the anterior 7th and 8th right ribs which may represent pleural reaction or small pulmonary nodules. the patient has right middle lobe atelectasis and scarring in this region on old ct scans. from
[Record ID: OpenI-5234] no findings. heart size normal. over expanded lungs. aortic valve prosthesis. calcified right hilar lymph node. stable peripheral right lower lobe opacities seen between the anterior 7th and 8th right ribs which may represent pleural reaction or small pulmonary nodules. the patient has right middle lobe atelectasis and scarring in this region on old ct scans. from
[Record ID: OpenI-5235] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5236] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5237] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5238] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5239] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. calcified right lower lobe granuloma the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the spine. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5240] the heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, large effusion, or pneumothorax. the are grossly intact. interval removal of right picc. persistent elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. no acute visualized cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5241] the heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, large effusion, or pneumothorax. the are grossly intact. interval removal of right picc. persistent elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. no acute visualized cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5242] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hyperinflated with opacities compatible with pleuralparenchymal scarring. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion. emphysema and scarring without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5243] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hyperinflated with opacities compatible with pleuralparenchymal scarring. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion. emphysema and scarring without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5244] no findings. comparison,. right pleural opacity along the lower chest wall compatible with thickening andor some loculated effusion, accompanied with some adjacent atelectasis airspace disease within the right lung base. round opacity seen projecting adjacent to right hilum on pa view is on lateral view to represent some discoid atelectasis or fluid associated with the upper aspect of the fissure. some opacities compatible with scarringchronic inflammatory change are seen within the left lower lung which are more conspicuous versus previous examination. stable mediastinal contour
[Record ID: OpenI-5245] no findings. comparison,. right pleural opacity along the lower chest wall compatible with thickening andor some loculated effusion, accompanied with some adjacent atelectasis airspace disease within the right lung base. round opacity seen projecting adjacent to right hilum on pa view is on lateral view to represent some discoid atelectasis or fluid associated with the upper aspect of the fissure. some opacities compatible with scarringchronic inflammatory change are seen within the left lower lung which are more conspicuous versus previous examination. stable mediastinal contour
[Record ID: OpenI-5246] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5247] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5248] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5249] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5250] no findings. heart size upper limits normal. sternotomy. rightsided aortic. lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-5251] no findings. heart size upper limits normal. sternotomy. rightsided aortic. lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-5252] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. mild increased lung markings due to chronic changes. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. calcified left perihilar granuloma redemonstrated. findings consistent with emphysema with interstitial thickening. this could be due to edema superimposed on emphysema or pneumonitis or fibrosis. chest if warranted clinically given recent onset of dyspnea
[Record ID: OpenI-5253] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. mild increased lung markings due to chronic changes. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. calcified left perihilar granuloma redemonstrated. findings consistent with emphysema with interstitial thickening. this could be due to edema superimposed on emphysema or pneumonitis or fibrosis. chest if warranted clinically given recent onset of dyspnea
[Record ID: OpenI-5254] no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. degenerative changes of the. tortuous aorta. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5255] no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. degenerative changes of the. tortuous aorta. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5256] no findings. slight cardiomegaly. clear lungs. no effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-5257] no findings. slight cardiomegaly. clear lungs. no effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-5258] heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild levocurvature of thoracic spine. a 9 mm pulmonary nodule is noted partially overlying the posterior 6th right rib on the frontal view. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5259] heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild levocurvature of thoracic spine. a 9 mm pulmonary nodule is noted partially overlying the posterior 6th right rib on the frontal view. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5260] the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. lungs are wellinflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are seen. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5261] the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. lungs are wellinflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are seen. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5262] the tracheostomy tube tip is 5 cm above the carina. there are prominent diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities, stable from prior radiographs. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. no focal airspace consolidation. prominent bilateral interstitial opacities, stable from prior radiographs
[Record ID: OpenI-5263] the tracheostomy tube tip is 5 cm above the carina. there are prominent diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities, stable from prior radiographs. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. no focal airspace consolidation. prominent bilateral interstitial opacities, stable from prior radiographs
[Record ID: OpenI-5264] heart size is normal. the lungs and costophrenic are clear. the bony thorax is grossly intact. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5265] heart size is normal. the lungs and costophrenic are clear. the bony thorax is grossly intact. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5266] heart size is normal. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, stable compared with prior. no focal airspace disease or effusion. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5267] heart size is normal. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, stable compared with prior. no focal airspace disease or effusion. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5268] the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-5269] the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-5270] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. right chest is visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5271] enlarged cardiac contour, stable. calcified vasculature. sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. no confluent consolidation, pleural effusion, or overt pulmonary edema. mild thoracic spondylosis. no acute findings. stable cardiac enlargement
[Record ID: OpenI-5272] enlarged cardiac contour, stable. calcified vasculature. sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. no confluent consolidation, pleural effusion, or overt pulmonary edema. mild thoracic spondylosis. no acute findings. stable cardiac enlargement
[Record ID: OpenI-5273] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there is evidence of previous granulomatous disease. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5274] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there is evidence of previous granulomatous disease. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5275] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. multilevel thoracic spondylosis is again demonstrated. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5276] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. multilevel thoracic spondylosis is again demonstrated. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5277] diffuse bilateral coarse interstitial markings are unchanged. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the shoulder. soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5278] diffuse bilateral coarse interstitial markings are unchanged. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the shoulder. soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5279] normal heart size. left chest tip mid svc. right axillary surgical clips. stable pleural based nodule left mid chest. no acute pulmonary findings. stable appearance of the chest. no or acute finding on todays study
[Record ID: OpenI-5280] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are wellaerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. there is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5281] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are wellaerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. there is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5282] no findings. the cardiac silhouette appears be at upper limits of normal to borderline enlarged. the mediastinum and parahilar structures are also slightly prominent but unchanged. portacatheter is noted with its tip in superior. this appears unchanged. slightly inspiratory effort is noted on the frontal film. this is unchanged. osseous structures appear be grossly unremarkable. no pneumothorax or obvious pulmonary lesions seen
[Record ID: OpenI-5283] no findings. the cardiac silhouette appears be at upper limits of normal to borderline enlarged. the mediastinum and parahilar structures are also slightly prominent but unchanged. portacatheter is noted with its tip in superior. this appears unchanged. slightly inspiratory effort is noted on the frontal film. this is unchanged. osseous structures appear be grossly unremarkable. no pneumothorax or obvious pulmonary lesions seen
[Record ID: OpenI-5284] there are several small calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5285] there are several small calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5286] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5287] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5288] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5289] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5290] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5291] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5292] no findings. stable appearing chest with low lung volumes. reticulonodular changes in left lung base and periphery of left lung most representing chronic inflammatory change. also some peripheral fibrotic appearing opacity in the periphery the right upper lobe, grossly stable. no acute airspace consolidation. stable mediastinal contour
[Record ID: OpenI-5293] no findings. stable appearing chest with low lung volumes. reticulonodular changes in left lung base and periphery of left lung most representing chronic inflammatory change. also some peripheral fibrotic appearing opacity in the periphery the right upper lobe, grossly stable. no acute airspace consolidation. stable mediastinal contour
[Record ID: OpenI-5294] normal cardiac contours. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bilateral lower lobe bronchial thickening consistent with bronchitis. bilateral lower lobe bronchitis
[Record ID: OpenI-5295] normal cardiac contours. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bilateral lower lobe bronchial thickening consistent with bronchitis. bilateral lower lobe bronchitis
[Record ID: OpenI-5296] no findings. heart size is normal. slightly dilated tortuous aorta, unchanged. lungs are clear. no effusions or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-5297] no findings. heart size is normal. slightly dilated tortuous aorta, unchanged. lungs are clear. no effusions or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-5298] low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. surgical clips are present in the abdomen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5299] low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. surgical clips are present in the abdomen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5300] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pneumoperitoneum. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5301] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pneumoperitoneum. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5302] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are slightly hypoinflated but clear. there is no pleural effusion. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5303] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are slightly hypoinflated but clear. there is no pleural effusion. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5304] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5305] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5306] normal cardiac contour. clear lung bilaterally. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative seen throughout cervical spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5307] normal cardiac contour. clear lung bilaterally. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative seen throughout cervical spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5308] no findings. mild cardiomegaly. tortuous aorta. no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable right paratracheal opacity. correlated of the chest, this represents vascular shadows. mild right apex curvature of the lower thoracic spine. degenerative endplate spurring mid and lower thoracic spine with minimal grade 1 anterolisthesis of a lower thoracic vertebral level, t10 on t11
[Record ID: OpenI-5309] no findings. mild cardiomegaly. tortuous aorta. no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable right paratracheal opacity. correlated of the chest, this represents vascular shadows. mild right apex curvature of the lower thoracic spine. degenerative endplate spurring mid and lower thoracic spine with minimal grade 1 anterolisthesis of a lower thoracic vertebral level, t10 on t11
[Record ID: OpenI-5310] there is stable cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. there are bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar airspace disease, right greater than left. there is no pneumothorax. there are no acute bony findings. cardiomegaly, vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. bibasilar airspace disease, bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left
[Record ID: OpenI-5311] there is stable cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. there are bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar airspace disease, right greater than left. there is no pneumothorax. there are no acute bony findings. cardiomegaly, vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. bibasilar airspace disease, bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left
[Record ID: OpenI-5312] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5313] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5314] there are low lung volumes. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. calcific density in the right lung apex, compatible with calcified granuloma. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5315] there are low lung volumes. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. calcific density in the right lung apex, compatible with calcified granuloma. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5316] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures short thready changes of the spine. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5317] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures short thready changes of the spine. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5318] sternotomy appear intact. borderline heart size. aortic calcification noted. calcified mediastinal lymph unchanged. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the diaphragms. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5319] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. low lung volumes causing mild bronchovascular crowding. no focal airspace consolidation is seen. there is no pleural effusion. there is no large pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. pression low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-5320] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. low lung volumes causing mild bronchovascular crowding. no focal airspace consolidation is seen. there is no pleural effusion. there is no large pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. pression low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-5321] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5322] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5323] no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5324] no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5325] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal chest exam
[Record ID: OpenI-5326] heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal chest exam
[Record ID: OpenI-5327] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is right middle lobe airspace disease, may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. elevated right hemidiaphragm. right middle lobe airspace disease may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-5328] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is right middle lobe airspace disease, may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. elevated right hemidiaphragm. right middle lobe airspace disease may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-5329] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5330] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5331] normal heart size. clear lungs. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5332] normal heart size. clear lungs. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5333] heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, focal airspace consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5334] heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, focal airspace consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5335] low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. sequela of prior granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs clear. heart size normal. stable severe l1 deformity. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding, no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-5336] low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. sequela of prior granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs clear. heart size normal. stable severe l1 deformity. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding, no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-5337] the lungs appear clear. there are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. the pleural spaces are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. there is no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5338] the lungs appear clear. there are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. the pleural spaces are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. there is no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5339] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5340] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5341] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5342] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5343] no findings. all lines and tubes in stable, position. limited portable study with stable appearance of lung with stable widened mediastinum no acute findingspneumothorax noted
[Record ID: OpenI-5344] no findings. all lines and tubes in stable, position. limited portable study with stable appearance of lung with stable widened mediastinum no acute findingspneumothorax noted
[Record ID: OpenI-5345] heart size is at the upper limits of normal. the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no noncalcified nodules are identified. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5346] heart size is at the upper limits of normal. the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no noncalcified nodules are identified. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5347] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5348] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5349] the lungs are clear. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5350] the lungs are clear. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5351] similar mild cardiomegaly. of the pulmonary vascularity is prominent. no focal consolidations or effusions. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. mild cardiomegaly with of early failure
[Record ID: OpenI-5352] similar mild cardiomegaly. of the pulmonary vascularity is prominent. no focal consolidations or effusions. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. mild cardiomegaly with of early failure
[Record ID: OpenI-5353] normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. left basilar patchy opacities. small hiatal hernia. left basilar patchy opacities, which may represent atelectasis or infection
[Record ID: OpenI-5354] normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. left basilar patchy opacities. small hiatal hernia. left basilar patchy opacities, which may represent atelectasis or infection
[Record ID: OpenI-5355] there are no airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. there is a vague nodular like opacity in the right midlung measuring 2 cm projecting through the posterior 7th and 8th ribs. this may be artifact. chest fluoroscopy would confirm this. heart and pulmonary appear normal. there are calcified subcarinal and right hilar lymph. the pleural spaces are clear. nodular density noted on recent pa chest radiograph represents an artifact. no nodules noted within the lungs on a recent outside from
[Record ID: OpenI-5356] there are no airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. there is a vague nodular like opacity in the right midlung measuring 2 cm projecting through the posterior 7th and 8th ribs. this may be artifact. chest fluoroscopy would confirm this. heart and pulmonary appear normal. there are calcified subcarinal and right hilar lymph. the pleural spaces are clear. nodular density noted on recent pa chest radiograph represents an artifact. no nodules noted within the lungs on a recent outside from
[Record ID: OpenI-5357] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. rightsided aortic. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. there is right basal patchy opacity and bibasal atelectasis or scarring. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. right apical calcified granuloma noted. right basal acute airspace disease. please correlate clinically for pneumonia. chronic interstitial pattern, may reflect copd
[Record ID: OpenI-5358] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. rightsided aortic. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. there is right basal patchy opacity and bibasal atelectasis or scarring. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. right apical calcified granuloma noted. right basal acute airspace disease. please correlate clinically for pneumonia. chronic interstitial pattern, may reflect copd
[Record ID: OpenI-5359] no findings. heart size upper limits of normal. the infrahilar pulmonary markings appear slightly prominent bilaterally, which represents appearance for the patient but difficult to completely exclude some reactive airwaybronchitic changes in the absence of comparison radiographs.. no airspace consolidation or lobar atelectasis. no effusions or edema. mediastinal contour unremarkable
[Record ID: OpenI-5360] no findings. heart size upper limits of normal. the infrahilar pulmonary markings appear slightly prominent bilaterally, which represents appearance for the patient but difficult to completely exclude some reactive airwaybronchitic changes in the absence of comparison radiographs.. no airspace consolidation or lobar atelectasis. no effusions or edema. mediastinal contour unremarkable
[Record ID: OpenI-5361] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum unremarkable. no change in the mediastinal surgical clips. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5362] cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. nodular opacity overlying the upper lungs bilaterally may represent overlying telemetry, correlate clinically. otherwise, lungs are clear. no large pleural effusion no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5363] cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. nodular opacity overlying the upper lungs bilaterally may represent overlying telemetry, correlate clinically. otherwise, lungs are clear. no large pleural effusion no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5364] the heart is mildly enlarged. lung volumes are low. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. there is no free air under the diaphragm. there is a mild amount of seen in the transverse colon. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5365] the heart is mildly enlarged. lung volumes are low. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. there is no free air under the diaphragm. there is a mild amount of seen in the transverse colon. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5366] there are tspine osteophytes. there calcified costochondral cartilages. there is loss of disc of a midthoracic vertebral body. there are streaky opacities in both lung bases which may represent atelectasis or scarring. no pneumothorax. the heart is borderline enlarged. borderline cardiomegaly. ageindeterminate, chronic, deformity in the midthoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-5367] there are tspine osteophytes. there calcified costochondral cartilages. there is loss of disc of a midthoracic vertebral body. there are streaky opacities in both lung bases which may represent atelectasis or scarring. no pneumothorax. the heart is borderline enlarged. borderline cardiomegaly. ageindeterminate, chronic, deformity in the midthoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-5368] heart size is normal. lungs are clear. low lung volumes. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5369] heart size is normal. lungs are clear. low lung volumes. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5370] no unusual findings. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active tuberculosis. no of active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5371] no unusual findings. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active tuberculosis. no of active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5372] no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5373] no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5374] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. minimal streaky atelectasis the left lung base. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. thoracic spondylosis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5375] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. minimal streaky atelectasis the left lung base. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. thoracic spondylosis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5376] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5377] lungs are hyperexpanded. bullae are present in the upper lobes. no focal infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal. copd. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5378] lungs are hyperexpanded. bullae are present in the upper lobes. no focal infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal. copd. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5379] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are several ageindeterminate leftsided rib fractures noted. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node. there basilar calcified granulomas. there minimal degenerative changes of the spine. multiple ageindeterminate leftsided rib fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-5380] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are several ageindeterminate leftsided rib fractures noted. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node. there basilar calcified granulomas. there minimal degenerative changes of the spine. multiple ageindeterminate leftsided rib fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-5381] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5382] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5383] lungs are hyperexpanded. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal. change copd. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5384] lungs are hyperexpanded. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal. change copd. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5385] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. right lung calcified densities are unchanged from prior and indicate old granulomatous disease. otherwise, the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5386] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. right lung calcified densities are unchanged from prior and indicate old granulomatous disease. otherwise, the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5387] chronic increased interstitial markings without evidence of focal infiltrate. bilateral apical pleural thickening. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. stable heart size. marked degenerative change of the, status post remote right humerus fracture. deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body, also chronic. chronic lung disease without acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5388] chronic increased interstitial markings without evidence of focal infiltrate. bilateral apical pleural thickening. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. stable heart size. marked degenerative change of the, status post remote right humerus fracture. deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body, also chronic. chronic lung disease without acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5389] there is a minimally displaced fracture of the right lateral 7th rib. there is a small right pleural effusion with associated atelectasis of the right lower lobe. there appears to be a healing fracture of the posterolateral right 8th rib. there is questionable cortical defect involving the sternum seen on lateral view. would be to evaluate this finding. as the small rightsided pleural effusion is visible on both pa and lateral views. there is a leftsided pleural effusion as well. the left lung appears grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary appear normal. there is a mild scoliosis involving the thoracic spine. minimally displaced fracture involving the lateral right 7th rib, acute. there is and associated small right pleural effusion and right basilar atelectasis. questionable anterior cortical disruption seen on lateral view. would be needed to evaluate this. leftsided pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-5390] there is a minimally displaced fracture of the right lateral 7th rib. there is a small right pleural effusion with associated atelectasis of the right lower lobe. there appears to be a healing fracture of the posterolateral right 8th rib. there is questionable cortical defect involving the sternum seen on lateral view. would be to evaluate this finding. as the small rightsided pleural effusion is visible on both pa and lateral views. there is a leftsided pleural effusion as well. the left lung appears grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary appear normal. there is a mild scoliosis involving the thoracic spine. minimally displaced fracture involving the lateral right 7th rib, acute. there is and associated small right pleural effusion and right basilar atelectasis. questionable anterior cortical disruption seen on lateral view. would be needed to evaluate this. leftsided pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-5391] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are a few scattered calcified granulomas. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5392] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are a few scattered calcified granulomas. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5393] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5394] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5395] the postoperative cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and upper limits of normal in size. there are sternotomy and surgical clips compatible with prior cabg. there is at one leftsided coronary artery stent. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5396] the postoperative cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and upper limits of normal in size. there are sternotomy and surgical clips compatible with prior cabg. there is at one leftsided coronary artery stent. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5397] cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with mild cardiomegaly. there is relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm consistent with history of right lower lobectomy, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. irregularity of the right fifth and sixth ribs stable since at and postsurgicalpost traumatic in. left shoulder rotator bone anchor noted. no acute osseous abnormality identified. surgical changes of the right hemithorax and mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5398] cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with mild cardiomegaly. there is relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm consistent with history of right lower lobectomy, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. irregularity of the right fifth and sixth ribs stable since at and postsurgicalpost traumatic in. left shoulder rotator bone anchor noted. no acute osseous abnormality identified. surgical changes of the right hemithorax and mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5399] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5400] clear lungs. normal heart. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. old right rib fractures. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5401] clear lungs. normal heart. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. old right rib fractures. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5402] heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. the stomach contour normal. there is right hemidiaphragm elevation. lungs are clear. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. right hemidiaphragm elevation. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5403] heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. the stomach contour normal. there is right hemidiaphragm elevation. lungs are clear. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. right hemidiaphragm elevation. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5404] heart size and vascularity normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. mediastinal contour normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. hyperexpanded lungs, suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. no acute pulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5405] heart size and vascularity normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. mediastinal contour normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. hyperexpanded lungs, suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. no acute pulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5406] low lung volumes. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5407] low lung volumes. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5408] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. external monitor leads the thorax. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5409] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. external monitor leads the thorax. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5410] heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. stable scattered calcified granulomas are noted. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5411] heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. stable scattered calcified granulomas are noted. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5412] the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is mild streaky perihilar opacity without confluent airspace opacity to suggest a bacterial pneumonia. minimal perihilar opacity which could indicate an atypical pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-5413] the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is mild streaky perihilar opacity without confluent airspace opacity to suggest a bacterial pneumonia. minimal perihilar opacity which could indicate an atypical pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-5414] there is stable marked cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. the left chest pacemaker is unchanged from comparison exam with fractured proximal lateral and both tips overlying the right ventricle. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. stable marked cardiomegaly. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5415] no findings. lungs are hyper expanded consistent with copd. no parenchymal infiltrates. no of pleural effusions. normal heart size. no of acute cardiopulmonary disease, unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-5416] no findings. lungs are hyper expanded consistent with copd. no parenchymal infiltrates. no of pleural effusions. normal heart size. no of acute cardiopulmonary disease, unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-5417] no findings. heart size within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm elevation with density near the right costophrenic most suggestive of subsegmental atelectasis. otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-5418] no findings. heart size within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm elevation with density near the right costophrenic most suggestive of subsegmental atelectasis. otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-5419] the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the bony structures are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-5420] the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the bony structures are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-5421] there is mild cardiomegaly. the aorta is tortuous. there is opacities noted in the right lower lobe, subsegmental atelectasis. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no displaced rib fractures. if there is high clinical concern, consider dedicated rib views for further evaluation. mild cardiomegaly, with subsegmental atelectasis in the right lower lobe
[Record ID: OpenI-5422] there is mild cardiomegaly. the aorta is tortuous. there is opacities noted in the right lower lobe, subsegmental atelectasis. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no displaced rib fractures. if there is high clinical concern, consider dedicated rib views for further evaluation. mild cardiomegaly, with subsegmental atelectasis in the right lower lobe
[Record ID: OpenI-5423] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. negative for focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. middle lobe calcified granulomas. normal. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5424] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. negative for focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. middle lobe calcified granulomas. normal. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5425] no findings. tracheostomy tube terminates at the level of the clavicles. moderate cardiomegaly stable. increased interstitial markings and patchy opacities through the bases. nonspecific, findings may indicate edema or atypical infection. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-5426] no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacities. no definite visualized rib fractures. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no visualized rib fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-5427] no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacities. no definite visualized rib fractures. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no visualized rib fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-5428] heart size upper limits of normal. low lung volumes with mild bronchovascular crowding and right basilar airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. low lung volumes with right base airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5429] heart size upper limits of normal. low lung volumes with mild bronchovascular crowding and right basilar airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. low lung volumes with right base airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5430] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there are advanced degenerative changes of the glenohumeral joints bilaterally with boneonbone articulation, remodeling of the glenoid, and extensive subchondral cystic change. no displaced rib fractures are visualized. diffuse osteopenia of the thoracic spine with a mid thoracic and several lower thoracic deformities, ageindeterminate. there is an airfluid level in the middle mediastinum, most secondary to a large hiatal hernia. no acute thoracic abnormality. cardiomegaly with marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. probable large hiatal hernia. limited evaluation of the thoracic spine secondary to osteopenia, ageindeterminate fracture deformities
[Record ID: OpenI-5431] the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-5432] the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-5433] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild degenerative endplate changes of the spine. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5434] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild degenerative endplate changes of the spine. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5435] stable scarring near the right lung apex along the lateral aspect. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. stable appearance of the chest without acute abnormality noted
[Record ID: OpenI-5436] stable scarring near the right lung apex along the lateral aspect. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. stable appearance of the chest without acute abnormality noted
[Record ID: OpenI-5437] chest. normal heart size. mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no focal infiltrates or masses. no pneumothorax or visible pleural fluid. no free intraperitoneal air in the diaphragm. osseous structures unremarkable. abdomen there are no dilated loops of bowel to suggest obstruction. no airfluid levels or free intraperitoneal air. no suspicious calcifications. there is curvature of the thoracolumbar spine. otherwise the osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. chest. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. abdomen. nonobstructive bowel pattern
[Record ID: OpenI-5438] chest. normal heart size. mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no focal infiltrates or masses. no pneumothorax or visible pleural fluid. no free intraperitoneal air in the diaphragm. osseous structures unremarkable. abdomen there are no dilated loops of bowel to suggest obstruction. no airfluid levels or free intraperitoneal air. no suspicious calcifications. there is curvature of the thoracolumbar spine. otherwise the osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. chest. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. abdomen. nonobstructive bowel pattern
[Record ID: OpenI-5439] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable with tortuous aorta. there are chronic changes particularly noted in the lung apices. the are mildly prominent but stable. no acute infiltrate is seen. there is no pleural effusion. chronic parenchymal changes reflecting sequela of patients known sarcoidosis. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5440] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable with tortuous aorta. there are chronic changes particularly noted in the lung apices. the are mildly prominent but stable. no acute infiltrate is seen. there is no pleural effusion. chronic parenchymal changes reflecting sequela of patients known sarcoidosis. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5441] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5442] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5443] no findings. heart size normal. lungs clear. hiatal hernia. no effusion the or pneumothorax. no pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-5444] no findings. heart size normal. lungs clear. hiatal hernia. no effusion the or pneumothorax. no pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-5445] study is somewhat limited by body habitus. cardiomegaly is noted, with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings, suspicious for developing interstitial pulmonary edema. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or definite effusion identified. no acute bony abnormality seen. cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings, concerning for interstitial pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-5446] study is somewhat limited by body habitus. cardiomegaly is noted, with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings, suspicious for developing interstitial pulmonary edema. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or definite effusion identified. no acute bony abnormality seen. cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings, concerning for interstitial pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-5447] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5448] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5449] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5450] the cardiac contours are normal. aortic calcification. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-5451] the cardiac contours are normal. aortic calcification. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-5452] no findings. heart size is within normal limits. coronary artery stent noted. no edema. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild nonspecific biapical pleural thickening. clips from prior cholecystectomy are noted
[Record ID: OpenI-5453] no findings. heart size is within normal limits. coronary artery stent noted. no edema. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild nonspecific biapical pleural thickening. clips from prior cholecystectomy are noted
[Record ID: OpenI-5454] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-5455] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-5456] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5457] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5458] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. there are right upper quadrant surgical clips, perhaps from cholecystectomy. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5459] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. there are right upper quadrant surgical clips, perhaps from cholecystectomy. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5460] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. mild degeneration of the thoracic spine without acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5461] the central airway is midline and is. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is no focal lung consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax seen. the osseous structures appear within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-5462] the central airway is midline and is. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is no focal lung consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax seen. the osseous structures appear within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-5463] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-5464] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-5465] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal. unremarkable radiographs of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5466] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal. unremarkable radiographs of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5467] no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5468] no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5469] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild dextro curvature of the thoracic spine, possibly positional. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5470] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild dextro curvature of the thoracic spine, possibly positional. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5471] cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5472] cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5473] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5474] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5475] kub. centered over the mid abdomen there are multiple airfilled dilated loops of small bowel measuring the of which measure up to about 7 cm in diameter. there is also an extremely dilated in the same region which measures 9 cm in diameter. there is extensive soft tissue pannus. prior abdominal surgery. chest. there is left basilar opacity. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. there is mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there are no large pleural effusions. there is thickening of the fissure. kub there are numerous airfilled dilated loops of small bowel over the mid abdomen. these findings are consistent with small bowel obstruction. chest left basilar airspace disease, atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-5476] kub. centered over the mid abdomen there are multiple airfilled dilated loops of small bowel measuring the of which measure up to about 7 cm in diameter. there is also an extremely dilated in the same region which measures 9 cm in diameter. there is extensive soft tissue pannus. prior abdominal surgery. chest. there is left basilar opacity. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. there is mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there are no large pleural effusions. there is thickening of the fissure. kub there are numerous airfilled dilated loops of small bowel over the mid abdomen. these findings are consistent with small bowel obstruction. chest left basilar airspace disease, atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-5477] mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour which is within normal limits. bilateral interstitial prominence. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseous abnormalities. mild cardiomegaly with interstitial prominence, could represent mild interstitial edema, atypical infection, or chronic interstitial changes
[Record ID: OpenI-5478] mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour which is within normal limits. bilateral interstitial prominence. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseous abnormalities. mild cardiomegaly with interstitial prominence, could represent mild interstitial edema, atypical infection, or chronic interstitial changes
[Record ID: OpenI-5479] no gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. is intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5480] no gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. is intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5481] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. stable mild hyperinflation, right apical pleuralparenchymal irregularities compatible with scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5482] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. stable mild hyperinflation, right apical pleuralparenchymal irregularities compatible with scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5483] no findings. widened upper mediastinal silhouette. may represent vascular shadows exaggerated by supine and very lordotic imaging technique. however, the setting of, upper mediastinal hematoma not excluded. depending on clinical suspicion and mechanism further investigation may be warranted. mild cardiomegaly appears stable. no edema. no layering pleural effusions, focal consolidation or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-5484] no findings. widened upper mediastinal silhouette. may represent vascular shadows exaggerated by supine and very lordotic imaging technique. however, the setting of, upper mediastinal hematoma not excluded. depending on clinical suspicion and mechanism further investigation may be warranted. mild cardiomegaly appears stable. no edema. no layering pleural effusions, focal consolidation or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-5485] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is slight elevation of left hemidiaphragm with left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5486] there are broken 1st and 3rd5xxxx. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. leftsided aortic. central airways are. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. left hemidiaphragm is mildly elevated. interposition of the colon in the left upper quadrant. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5487] there are broken 1st and 3rd5xxxx. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. leftsided aortic. central airways are. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. left hemidiaphragm is mildly elevated. interposition of the colon in the left upper quadrant. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5488] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5489] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5490] no unusual findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-5491] no unusual findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-5492] no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. right paratracheal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no acute osseous injury demonstrated. no acute findings. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically warranted
[Record ID: OpenI-5493] no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. right paratracheal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no acute osseous injury demonstrated. no acute findings. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically warranted
[Record ID: OpenI-5494] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. the right costophrenic sulcus is blunted. there is an the right base fluid level. the left lung is clear. rightsided small pleural effusion. right base fluid level. atypical location for a hiatal hernia. cannot exclude a right lower lobe cavity. correlation scan recommended. does not appear to be a hydropneumothorax or empyema
[Record ID: OpenI-5495] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. the right costophrenic sulcus is blunted. there is an the right base fluid level. the left lung is clear. rightsided small pleural effusion. right base fluid level. atypical location for a hiatal hernia. cannot exclude a right lower lobe cavity. correlation scan recommended. does not appear to be a hydropneumothorax or empyema
[Record ID: OpenI-5496] there are bilateral lower lobe opacities. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax is identified. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there is lucency beneath the diaphragm, consistent with pneumoperitoneum. cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant. bilateral lower lobe opacities. the appearance subsegmental atelectasis. pneumoperitoneum, postoperative secondary to recent laparoscopic surgery
[Record ID: OpenI-5497] broken of the 4xxxx, similar to the prior study. stable multiple surgical clips in the left hilar area. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. unremarkable bony structure. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5498] the patient is status post cabg. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. ureteral stents are noted on the right. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5499] the patient is status post cabg. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. ureteral stents are noted on the right. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5500] the bony thorax is intact and the heart size is normal. the lung are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion. we again note the left hilar calcifications that are unchanged from the prior studies. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5501] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lung volumes are low with bronchovascular crowding. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5502] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lung volumes are low with bronchovascular crowding. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5503] heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there are some chronic increased interstitial markings noted. cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5504] heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there are some chronic increased interstitial markings noted. cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5505] no unusual findings. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-5506] no unusual findings. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-5507] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5508] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5509] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5510] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5511] sequelae of old granulomatous disease. vague patchy opacity in the right midlung which may represent early pneumonia. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. vague patchy opacity in the right midlung which may represent an early pneumonia given patients history
[Record ID: OpenI-5512] sequelae of old granulomatous disease. vague patchy opacity in the right midlung which may represent early pneumonia. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. vague patchy opacity in the right midlung which may represent an early pneumonia given patients history
[Record ID: OpenI-5513] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. right base densities are again noted which appear improved. previously seen left pleural effusion has resolved. there continues to be some left base opacities which may represent atelectasis. surgical clips and suture lines are noted in the mediastinum. an airfluid level is seen in the upper right abdomen immediately below the right hemidiaphragm. extensive pleural densities are present on the right which may represent localized fluid or pleural thickening. no definite pneumothorax is seen. continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. extensive postop changes. right pleural densities which may represent thickening or localized fluid. airfluid level below the right hemidiaphragm medially. although this could represent airfluid within a of bowel, a subpulmonic process is a consideration. if clinically indicated, scan would better define this
[Record ID: OpenI-5514] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. right base densities are again noted which appear improved. previously seen left pleural effusion has resolved. there continues to be some left base opacities which may represent atelectasis. surgical clips and suture lines are noted in the mediastinum. an airfluid level is seen in the upper right abdomen immediately below the right hemidiaphragm. extensive pleural densities are present on the right which may represent localized fluid or pleural thickening. no definite pneumothorax is seen. continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. extensive postop changes. right pleural densities which may represent thickening or localized fluid. airfluid level below the right hemidiaphragm medially. although this could represent airfluid within a of bowel, a subpulmonic process is a consideration. if clinically indicated, scan would better define this
[Record ID: OpenI-5515] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5516] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5517] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. negative acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5518] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. negative acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5519] no focal areas of consolidation. no pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5520] no focal areas of consolidation. no pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5521] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. heart size normal. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5522] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. heart size normal. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5523] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small nodule in the right upper lung is stable. the lungs are otherwise clear. small right upper lobe nodule, stable. otherwise, no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5524] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small nodule in the right upper lung is stable. the lungs are otherwise clear. small right upper lobe nodule, stable. otherwise, no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5525] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild emphysematous changes are noted. the lungs are otherwise clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5526] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild emphysematous changes are noted. the lungs are otherwise clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5527] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5528] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear. underlying emphysematous changes are noted. emphysema without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5529] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear. underlying emphysematous changes are noted. emphysema without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5530] heart size within normal limits. tortuous aorta. low lung volumes with no focal consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion. moderate degenerative disc disease in the midthoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5531] heart size within normal limits. tortuous aorta. low lung volumes with no focal consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion. moderate degenerative disc disease in the midthoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5532] fracture deformity proximal right humerus. hyperinflation lungs. no pulmonary consolidation. opacity left base compatible atelectasis or scarring. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. mild atherosclerotic calcification aorta. prior chest surgery. costophrenic clear. visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in and alignment. fracture deformity proximal right humerus. no pulmonary consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-5533] fracture deformity proximal right humerus. hyperinflation lungs. no pulmonary consolidation. opacity left base compatible atelectasis or scarring. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. mild atherosclerotic calcification aorta. prior chest surgery. costophrenic clear. visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in and alignment. fracture deformity proximal right humerus. no pulmonary consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-5534] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5535] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5536] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5537] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5538] calcified granuloma is noted in the left upper lobe. there are low lung volumes, with bronchovascular crowding as a result. heart size is within normal limits. normal mediastinal contours. no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. no free subdiaphragmatic air. the osseous structures are grossly intact. low lung volumes. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5539] calcified granuloma is noted in the left upper lobe. there are low lung volumes, with bronchovascular crowding as a result. heart size is within normal limits. normal mediastinal contours. no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. no free subdiaphragmatic air. the osseous structures are grossly intact. low lung volumes. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5540] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5541] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are prominent coarse interstitial markings throughout the lungs, with more focal streaky bibasilar opacities, seen only on the frontal, atelectasis. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5542] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are prominent coarse interstitial markings throughout the lungs, with more focal streaky bibasilar opacities, seen only on the frontal, atelectasis. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5543] no findings. pa and lateral views were obtained. again, a chronic increased pulmonary markings are seen without change. no acute airspace process. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact
[Record ID: OpenI-5544] no findings. pa and lateral views were obtained. again, a chronic increased pulmonary markings are seen without change. no acute airspace process. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact
[Record ID: OpenI-5545] cardiomediastinal silhouette stable with atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. diffusely coarsened interstitial markings are noted consistent with chronic lung disease, with worsened patchy opacities and a left apex and right base. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. changes of chronic interstitial lung disease with illdefined patchy left apical and right basilar airspace disease. pa and lateral chest radiograph may be of benefit clinically feasible
[Record ID: OpenI-5546] there extremely low lung volumes. there is right basilar opacity. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. low lung volumes with right basilar atelectasis. otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5547] there extremely low lung volumes. there is right basilar opacity. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. low lung volumes with right basilar atelectasis. otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5548] the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. otherwise the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding otherwise lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-5549] the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. otherwise the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding otherwise lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-5550] heart size normal. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures are in alignment without fracture. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5551] heart size normal. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures are in alignment without fracture. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5552] no unusual findings. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-5553] no unusual findings. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-5554] no acute osseous abnormality. the soft tissues are within normal limits. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5555] no acute osseous abnormality. the soft tissues are within normal limits. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5556] limited evaluation of the lateral view due to rotation and frontal view due to motion artifact. stable mild cardiomegaly. normal pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. opacities are related to overlying soft tissues. the posterior sulci are clear. degenerative changes of the spine. stable mild cardiomegaly. no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5557] limited evaluation of the lateral view due to rotation and frontal view due to motion artifact. stable mild cardiomegaly. normal pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. opacities are related to overlying soft tissues. the posterior sulci are clear. degenerative changes of the spine. stable mild cardiomegaly. no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5558] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. mild degenerative changes of the spine. there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5559] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. mild degenerative changes of the spine. there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5560] heart size within normal limits. there is mild hyperexpansion with flattening diaphragms and bronchovascular crowding in the lung bases compatible with emphysema. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5561] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5562] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5563] there is stable mild cardiac enlargement. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. stable mild cardiomegaly. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5564] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. large calcified granulomas in the right hilum. the lungs are otherwise clear. prior anterior cervical fusion. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5565] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. large calcified granulomas in the right hilum. the lungs are otherwise clear. prior anterior cervical fusion. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5566] there has been interval increase in size of the cardiac silhouette from. the cardiac fluid is now mildly enlarged. pulmonary vasculature is increased with mildly increased interstitial markings and fissural thickening, suggesting mild pulmonary edema. there is no focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. there are no acute bony findings. cardiomegaly which appears from with probable mild pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-5567] there has been interval increase in size of the cardiac silhouette from. the cardiac fluid is now mildly enlarged. pulmonary vasculature is increased with mildly increased interstitial markings and fissural thickening, suggesting mild pulmonary edema. there is no focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. there are no acute bony findings. cardiomegaly which appears from with probable mild pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-5568] right chest tip low svc. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. prosthetic right humeral head. prior lower cervical spine surgery. deformity at the thoracolumbar junction with an acute kyphosis. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5569] heart is enlarged. there is prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature. mild diffuse interstitial opacities bilaterally, predominantly in the bases, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. and soft tissues are unremarkable. cardiomegaly with pulmonary interstitial edema and bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-5570] heart is enlarged. there is prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature. mild diffuse interstitial opacities bilaterally, predominantly in the bases, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. and soft tissues are unremarkable. cardiomegaly with pulmonary interstitial edema and bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-5571] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no focal airspace disease. diffuse interstitial opacities. bony structures appear intact. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5572] heart size appears enlarged. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. low volume study without definite acute process. mild cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-5573] heart size appears enlarged. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. low volume study without definite acute process. mild cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-5574] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. no airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5575] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. no airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5576] lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5577] lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5578] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is slight wedge deformity of the mid to lower thoracic vertebral body unchanged from the comparison study. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5579] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is slight wedge deformity of the mid to lower thoracic vertebral body unchanged from the comparison study. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5580] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. no discrete projectile visualized. contrast within the bilateral renal collecting systems. contrast also probably within the left colon. negative for acute abnormality. discrete projectile not seen
[Record ID: OpenI-5581] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. no discrete projectile visualized. contrast within the bilateral renal collecting systems. contrast also probably within the left colon. negative for acute abnormality. discrete projectile not seen
[Record ID: OpenI-5582] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. stable left mid lung granuloma. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5583] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. stable left mid lung granuloma. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5584] no findings. moderate enlargement of the heart. this shows significant interval increase in size from the remote comparison. cardiomegaly or pericardial fluid could have this appearance. minimal patchy infiltrateatelectasis in medial right base and lingular scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-5585] no findings. moderate enlargement of the heart. this shows significant interval increase in size from the remote comparison. cardiomegaly or pericardial fluid could have this appearance. minimal patchy infiltrateatelectasis in medial right base and lingular scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-5586] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. degenerative changes are noted in the spine. the descending thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. the mediastinum appears somewhat prominent. prominent mediastinum. may be due to mediastinal fat. comparison films, if available, would be useful to determine if this is a chronic appearance. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-5587] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. degenerative changes are noted in the spine. the descending thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. the mediastinum appears somewhat prominent. prominent mediastinum. may be due to mediastinal fat. comparison films, if available, would be useful to determine if this is a chronic appearance. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-5588] normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. there is opacity at the base of the mediastinum which is a hiatal hernia. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5589] normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. there is opacity at the base of the mediastinum which is a hiatal hernia. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5590] heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5591] no findings. stable normal heart size. calcified aorta. right chest in the svc. small volume bilateral pleural effusions basilar atelectasis. streaky perihilar opacification, a component of vascular congestion in central pulmonary edema persist. nodular opacities scattered throughout the lungs compatible with known pulmonary parenchymal metastatic disease. similar appearance to the prior study
[Record ID: OpenI-5592] no findings. stable normal heart size. calcified aorta. right chest in the svc. small volume bilateral pleural effusions basilar atelectasis. streaky perihilar opacification, a component of vascular congestion in central pulmonary edema persist. nodular opacities scattered throughout the lungs compatible with known pulmonary parenchymal metastatic disease. similar appearance to the prior study
[Record ID: OpenI-5593] there has been interval placement of a duallumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. moderate cardiomegaly is identified. there is mild calcification of the transverse. airspace opacities are identified with bilateral pleural effusions. interval placement of a duallumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. bibasilar airspace opacities and bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-5594] there has been interval placement of a duallumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. moderate cardiomegaly is identified. there is mild calcification of the transverse. airspace opacities are identified with bilateral pleural effusions. interval placement of a duallumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. bibasilar airspace opacities and bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-5595] normal heart size. dilated pulmonary arteries. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. no focal airspace consolidation. decreased biapical vascular markings with moderate hyperexpansion the lungs, consistent with obstructive pulmonary disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. moderate hyperinflation of the lungs. dilated pulmonary arteries. this may reflect pulmonary hypertension
[Record ID: OpenI-5596] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. low lung volumes. without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited lateral view given overlapping tissue silhouettes. negative for acute bone abnormality. low lung volumes, otherwise clear
[Record ID: OpenI-5597] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. low lung volumes. without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited lateral view given overlapping tissue silhouettes. negative for acute bone abnormality. low lung volumes, otherwise clear
[Record ID: OpenI-5598] heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5599] heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5600] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is stable scarring in the right upper lobe. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5601] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is stable scarring in the right upper lobe. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5602] the heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5603] the heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5604] lungs are clear. heart size normal. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-5605] lungs are clear. heart size normal. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-5606] patient is slightly rotated. normal heart size. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5607] patient is slightly rotated. normal heart size. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5608] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified lymph are present. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5609] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5610] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5611] there are low lung volumes. the heart size and upper mediastinum have a normal appearance. there is no pulmonary vascular congestion. there is minimal right basilar atelectasis. there is no large effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures appear intact. low lung volume exam demonstrates small amount of right basilar atelectasis. there is no acute consolidation or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-5612] there are low lung volumes. the heart size and upper mediastinum have a normal appearance. there is no pulmonary vascular congestion. there is minimal right basilar atelectasis. there is no large effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures appear intact. low lung volume exam demonstrates small amount of right basilar atelectasis. there is no acute consolidation or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-5613] no findings. considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. calcified right lung nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-5614] no findings. considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. calcified right lung nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-5615] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5616] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5617] there are low lung volumes. there is bronchovascular crowding. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures intact. no acute abnormality. low volumes for the opportunity to assist in the care of your patient. if there are any questions about this examination please., certified radiologist, at
[Record ID: OpenI-5618] there are low lung volumes. there is bronchovascular crowding. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures intact. no acute abnormality. low volumes for the opportunity to assist in the care of your patient. if there are any questions about this examination please., certified radiologist, at
[Record ID: OpenI-5619] pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. calcified right hilar lymph. there is focal contour abnormality of the level of the inferior posterior mediastinum, may reflect focal aneurysm of the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. focal convexity of the left inferior posterior mediastinum, may reflect focal aneurysm of the descending thoracic aorta. this has been present and without significant change since at. nonemergent chest ct may be useful
[Record ID: OpenI-5620] right jugular catheter present with tip overlying the lower svc. curvilinear density projecting over the upper chest appears external on the lateral projection. correlate clinically. normal heart size and mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. scarsubsegmental atelectasis in the lingula. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseous findings. mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5621] right jugular catheter present with tip overlying the lower svc. curvilinear density projecting over the upper chest appears external on the lateral projection. correlate clinically. normal heart size and mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. scarsubsegmental atelectasis in the lingula. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseous findings. mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5622] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5623] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5624] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified 5 mm granuloma in the left midlung. status post resection of left upper lobe. no adenopathy, nodules, or masses. no effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-5625] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified 5 mm granuloma in the left midlung. status post resection of left upper lobe. no adenopathy, nodules, or masses. no effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-5626] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. right hilar calcifications sequela of prior granulomatous disease. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5627] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. right hilar calcifications sequela of prior granulomatous disease. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5628] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5629] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5630] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. no definite pneumothorax. no displaced fracture. small rounded radiopaque density within the posterior superficial subcutaneous fat represents projectile fragment. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5631] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. no definite pneumothorax. no displaced fracture. small rounded radiopaque density within the posterior superficial subcutaneous fat represents projectile fragment. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5632] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5633] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5634] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. mildly prominent ascending aorta with calcification of aortic question hypertension
[Record ID: OpenI-5635] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. mildly prominent ascending aorta with calcification of aortic question hypertension
[Record ID: OpenI-5636] no unusual findings. the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear unremarkable. the lungs appear to be clear of any focal infiltrates. osseous structures appear to be within normal limits. no pneumothorax is seen. no free air is appreciated beneath hemidiaphragms
[Record ID: OpenI-5637] no unusual findings. the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear unremarkable. the lungs appear to be clear of any focal infiltrates. osseous structures appear to be within normal limits. no pneumothorax is seen. no free air is appreciated beneath hemidiaphragms
[Record ID: OpenI-5638] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5639] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5640] the heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, large effusion, or pneumothorax. the are grossly intact. degenerative tspine osteophytes. no acute visualized cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5641] the heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, large effusion, or pneumothorax. the are grossly intact. degenerative tspine osteophytes. no acute visualized cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5642] no findings. no suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. right middle lobe scarring as before. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5643] no findings. no suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. right middle lobe scarring as before. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5644] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. tortuous thoracic aorta. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-5645] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. tortuous thoracic aorta. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-5646] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5647] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5648] pa and lateral views were obtained. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. a 5 mm stable right apical nodule. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5649] pa and lateral views were obtained. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. a 5 mm stable right apical nodule. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5650] lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. stable aortic tortuosity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise unremarkable. scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stent visualized in the right upper quadrant, biliary stent. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5651] lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. stable aortic tortuosity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise unremarkable. scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stent visualized in the right upper quadrant, biliary stent. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5652] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5653] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5654] heart size is normal. the lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. normal pulmonary vascularity. no overt edema. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5655] heart size is normal. the lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. normal pulmonary vascularity. no overt edema. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5656] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5657] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5658] there are stable postoperative changes of left thoracotomy and left upper lobectomy. the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. postoperative changes of left upper lobectomy. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5659] there are stable postoperative changes of left thoracotomy and left upper lobectomy. the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. postoperative changes of left upper lobectomy. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5660] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5661] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5662] stable cardiomegaly, at partially accentuated by low lung volumes. stable sternotomy, several of which are interrupted, and mediastinal clips. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. tspine osteophytes. stable cardiomegaly without heart failure
[Record ID: OpenI-5663] stable cardiomegaly, at partially accentuated by low lung volumes. stable sternotomy, several of which are interrupted, and mediastinal clips. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. tspine osteophytes. stable cardiomegaly without heart failure
[Record ID: OpenI-5664] lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart and pulmonary normal. an indwelling catheter from the left has its tip at the superior. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5665] lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart and pulmonary normal. an indwelling catheter from the left has its tip at the superior. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5666] normal heart. clear lungs. stable calcified granuloma left midlung. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. midline trachea. normal chest exam
[Record ID: OpenI-5667] normal heart. clear lungs. stable calcified granuloma left midlung. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. midline trachea. normal chest exam
[Record ID: OpenI-5668] ap and lateral views were obtained. bibasilar atelectasis and small leftsided pleural effusion. stable cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax. mild pulmonary vascular congestion. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-5669] ap and lateral views were obtained. bibasilar atelectasis and small leftsided pleural effusion. stable cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax. mild pulmonary vascular congestion. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-5670] chest. lungs are clear and expanded. heart normal. left knee. no change marked narrowing, large osteophyte formation, multiple synovial osteochondromas. chest. no active disease. left knee. advanced degenerative joint disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5671] chest. lungs are clear and expanded. heart normal. left knee. no change marked narrowing, large osteophyte formation, multiple synovial osteochondromas. chest. no active disease. left knee. advanced degenerative joint disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5672] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5673] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5674] stable cardiomegaly. sternotomy are intact. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. calcific density in the left mid to upper lung represents old granulomatous disease. no focal consolidation. stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. stable cardiomegaly with no focal airspace disease. stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis
[Record ID: OpenI-5675] stable cardiomegaly. sternotomy are intact. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. calcific density in the left mid to upper lung represents old granulomatous disease. no focal consolidation. stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. stable cardiomegaly with no focal airspace disease. stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis
[Record ID: OpenI-5676] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild congestion without edema. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. redemonstrated are endplate depressions of the vertebral bodies, compatible with cell changes. stable chest with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5677] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild congestion without edema. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. redemonstrated are endplate depressions of the vertebral bodies, compatible with cell changes. stable chest with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5678] no findings. minimal atelectasis, platelike in the right upper lobe. heart size upper limits normal. degenerative spurring of thoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-5679] no findings. minimal atelectasis, platelike in the right upper lobe. heart size upper limits normal. degenerative spurring of thoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-5680] there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. the right upper extremity picc tip is in the upper svc. surgical clips in the right upper abdomen. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5681] no unusual findings. heart size, mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. lungs are well expanded with no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-5682] no unusual findings. heart size, mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. lungs are well expanded with no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-5683] there is hyperinflation of the lungs but they are clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. there are bilateral breast prostheses. copd
[Record ID: OpenI-5684] there is hyperinflation of the lungs but they are clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. there are bilateral breast prostheses. copd
[Record ID: OpenI-5685] hyperexpanded lungs suggesting obstructive lung disease. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. hyperexpanded but clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-5686] normal heart size. prominent contour of the ascending aorta, consistent with ectasia. normal mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5687] hyperexpansion of the lungs with hyperlucency and flattening of hemidiaphragms suggestive of chronic emphysematous lung disease. heart size within normal limits. bibasilar, right greater than left atelectasisairspace disease noted. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. chronic emphysematous lung disease with mild bibasilar, right greater than left airspace diseaseatelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-5688] hyperexpansion of the lungs with hyperlucency and flattening of hemidiaphragms suggestive of chronic emphysematous lung disease. heart size within normal limits. bibasilar, right greater than left atelectasisairspace disease noted. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. chronic emphysematous lung disease with mild bibasilar, right greater than left airspace diseaseatelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-5689] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5690] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. again seen is paraspinal foreign body which may represent a bullet fragment. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5691] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. again seen is paraspinal foreign body which may represent a bullet fragment. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5692] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5693] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5694] no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. surgical clips overlying the right upper quadrant. anterior cervical fusion. tortuous and ectatic aorta. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5695] no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. surgical clips overlying the right upper quadrant. anterior cervical fusion. tortuous and ectatic aorta. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5696] there is increased size of left pneumothorax, with partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes. this pneumothorax measures up to 5 cm in maximum width at the apex. there is no significant mediastinal shift. the right lung remains clear. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is a small left pleural effusionhemothorax. no focal air space opacities. no free subdiaphragmatic air. increased size of left pneumothorax, with partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes. small left pleural effusionhemothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-5697] there is increased size of left pneumothorax, with partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes. this pneumothorax measures up to 5 cm in maximum width at the apex. there is no significant mediastinal shift. the right lung remains clear. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is a small left pleural effusionhemothorax. no focal air space opacities. no free subdiaphragmatic air. increased size of left pneumothorax, with partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes. small left pleural effusionhemothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-5698] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is stable lucency in the right mid clavicle dating back to. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5699] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is stable lucency in the right mid clavicle dating back to. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5700] heart size upper normal but stable. mediastinal contours within normal limits.. minimal right middle lobe atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. degenerative endplate changes of the spine. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5701] heart size upper normal but stable. mediastinal contours within normal limits.. minimal right middle lobe atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. degenerative endplate changes of the spine. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5702] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are hyperexpanded. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5703] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are hyperexpanded. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5704] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5705] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5706] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5707] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are calcified granulomas noted. there are vascular calcifications over the aortic. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5708] heart size and vascularity normal. lungs are clear. no effusions. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures unremarkable. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5709] heart size and vascularity normal. lungs are clear. no effusions. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures unremarkable. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5710] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. specifically, no evidence of active tuberculous process
[Record ID: OpenI-5711] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. specifically, no evidence of active tuberculous process
[Record ID: OpenI-5712] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrates stable mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine as well as chronic leftsided rib fractures without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5713] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrates stable mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine as well as chronic leftsided rib fractures without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5714] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta identified. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5715] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta identified. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5716] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. bilateral prominent lung vascularity medially, unchanged. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5717] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. bilateral prominent lung vascularity medially, unchanged. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5718] the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal opacities. there is no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. there is deformities involving multiple vertebral bodies of the thoracic spine which appear stable compared to the previous exam. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable deformities of the upper thoracic segments
[Record ID: OpenI-5719] the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal opacities. there is no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. there is deformities involving multiple vertebral bodies of the thoracic spine which appear stable compared to the previous exam. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable deformities of the upper thoracic segments
[Record ID: OpenI-5720] moderatetomarked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, mediastinal contours appear similar to prior. mild bilateral posterior sulcus blunting, interstitial and alveolar opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, primary differential diagnosis includes infection and aspiration, clinical correlation recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-5721] moderatetomarked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, mediastinal contours appear similar to prior. mild bilateral posterior sulcus blunting, interstitial and alveolar opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, primary differential diagnosis includes infection and aspiration, clinical correlation recommended
[Record ID: OpenI-5722] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5723] heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5724] heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5725] no gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. is intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5726] no gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. is intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5727] no findings. heart size normal. hyperexpanded lungs with minimal interstitial prominence. most represents s lung. no nodules or masses. bilateral nipple shadows seen
[Record ID: OpenI-5728] no findings. heart size normal. hyperexpanded lungs with minimal interstitial prominence. most represents s lung. no nodules or masses. bilateral nipple shadows seen
[Record ID: OpenI-5729] normal heart size. density surrounding superior mediastinum reflex combination of vascular, osseous common pleural structures. no focal airspace consolidation. moderate degenerative disc disease with osteophyte formation bridging. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5730] normal heart size. density surrounding superior mediastinum reflex combination of vascular, osseous common pleural structures. no focal airspace consolidation. moderate degenerative disc disease with osteophyte formation bridging. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5731] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5732] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5733] the heart size is enlarged. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. calcification is seen within the aortic. interstitial opacities. there are no nodules or masses. stable appearing right perihilar calcified granulomas. no visible pneumothorax. bilateral costophrenic blunting, left worse than right. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. cardiomegaly with bilateral interstitial opacities. bilateral effusions andor atelectasis, right worse than left
[Record ID: OpenI-5734] the heart size is enlarged. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. calcification is seen within the aortic. interstitial opacities. there are no nodules or masses. stable appearing right perihilar calcified granulomas. no visible pneumothorax. bilateral costophrenic blunting, left worse than right. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. cardiomegaly with bilateral interstitial opacities. bilateral effusions andor atelectasis, right worse than left
[Record ID: OpenI-5735] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5736] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5737] hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory
[Record ID: OpenI-5738] hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory
[Record ID: OpenI-5739] stable normal cardiac size and contour, normal mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary. lungs clear, no airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable chest, no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5740] stable normal cardiac size and contour, normal mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary. lungs clear, no airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable chest, no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5741] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5742] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5743] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5744] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5745] the heart size is on the upper limits of normal. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5746] the heart size is on the upper limits of normal. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5747] there is a calcified granuloma in the lateral left base. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified left hilar lymph. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted as well as scoliosis and lumbar region. old granulomatous disease and senescent changes but no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5748] there is a calcified granuloma in the lateral left base. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified left hilar lymph. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted as well as scoliosis and lumbar region. old granulomatous disease and senescent changes but no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5749] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5750] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5751] no findings. low lung volumes exam limited on lateral view by superimposed soft tissue and bony structures of the arm lungs appear grossly clear. no evidence of pneumonia. heart and pulmonary appear normal pleural spaces are clear mediastinal contours appear normal no acute cardiopulmonary disease on this exam
[Record ID: OpenI-5752] no findings. low lung volumes exam limited on lateral view by superimposed soft tissue and bony structures of the arm lungs appear grossly clear. no evidence of pneumonia. heart and pulmonary appear normal pleural spaces are clear mediastinal contours appear normal no acute cardiopulmonary disease on this exam
[Record ID: OpenI-5753] there has been interval development of a large rightsided pleural effusion. the left lung is clear. there is no pneumothorax. heart size mediastinal contours are within normal limits. deformity is noted at the upper thoracic vertebral body. interval development of large rightsided pleural effusion. deformity noted at the upper thoracic vertebral body relates to deformity described on previous ct scan
[Record ID: OpenI-5754] there has been interval development of a large rightsided pleural effusion. the left lung is clear. there is no pneumothorax. heart size mediastinal contours are within normal limits. deformity is noted at the upper thoracic vertebral body. interval development of large rightsided pleural effusion. deformity noted at the upper thoracic vertebral body relates to deformity described on previous ct scan
[Record ID: OpenI-5755] the heart size and cardia mediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there is an approximately 8mm opacity overlying the sixth anterior rib. there are other scattered calcified granulomas. the osseous structures are intact. there are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-5756] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. surgical clips overlying the left breast soft tissues. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5757] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. surgical clips overlying the left breast soft tissues. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5758] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. cardiac silhouette is at top limits of normal. aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. partially visualized orif involving the left proximal humerus. deformity of the left distal clavicle compatible with remote. no displaced rib fractures on this chest examination. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5759] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. cardiac silhouette is at top limits of normal. aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. partially visualized orif involving the left proximal humerus. deformity of the left distal clavicle compatible with remote. no displaced rib fractures on this chest examination. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5760] normal heart size. clear lungs. trachea is midline. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5761] normal heart size. clear lungs. trachea is midline. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5762] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. there is again a pleural based density in the right lung base, related to subpleural fat. the appearance is stable from multiple previous studies. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5763] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. there is again a pleural based density in the right lung base, related to subpleural fat. the appearance is stable from multiple previous studies. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5764] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5765] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5766] low lung volumes. stable ectasia of the thoracic aorta. stable right upper mediastinal bilateral small pleural effusions and bibasilar airspace opacities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax. stable wedging of the anterior thoracic vertebral bodies. bilateral small pleural effusions and associated atelectasis. stable right upper mediastinal opacity consistent with goiter
[Record ID: OpenI-5767] low lung volumes. stable ectasia of the thoracic aorta. stable right upper mediastinal bilateral small pleural effusions and bibasilar airspace opacities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax. stable wedging of the anterior thoracic vertebral bodies. bilateral small pleural effusions and associated atelectasis. stable right upper mediastinal opacity consistent with goiter
[Record ID: OpenI-5768] hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. right hilar calcification suggests a previous granulomatous process. hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory
[Record ID: OpenI-5769] hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. right hilar calcification suggests a previous granulomatous process. hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory
[Record ID: OpenI-5770] no findings. allowing for underpenetration, the lungs appear clear and the cardiac silhouette within normal limits
[Record ID: OpenI-5771] no findings. allowing for underpenetration, the lungs appear clear and the cardiac silhouette within normal limits
[Record ID: OpenI-5772] no unusual findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-5773] no unusual findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-5774] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-5775] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-5776] no unusual findings. comparison, clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5777] no unusual findings. comparison, clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5778] heart size normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion. degenerative changes in the midthoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5779] no findings. heart size is normal. multiple scattered small 4 mm nodules throughout the chest. these most represent calcified small granulomas. a low kv film demonstrate these are probably calcified
[Record ID: OpenI-5780] no findings. heart size is normal. multiple scattered small 4 mm nodules throughout the chest. these most represent calcified small granulomas. a low kv film demonstrate these are probably calcified
[Record ID: OpenI-5781] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe. this is most concerning for pneumonia. recommend follow up to ensure resolution
[Record ID: OpenI-5782] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe. this is most concerning for pneumonia. recommend follow up to ensure resolution
[Record ID: OpenI-5783] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the trachea is midline. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5784] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the trachea is midline. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5785] heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. multilevel degenerative changes are noted within the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5786] heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. multilevel degenerative changes are noted within the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5787] the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothorax large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5788] the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothorax large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5789] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is patchy infiltrate within normal right lower lobe. mild opacities in the retrocardiac region. no large effusions or pneumothorax. patchy right lower lobe infiltrate as well as probable left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-5790] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is patchy infiltrate within normal right lower lobe. mild opacities in the retrocardiac region. no large effusions or pneumothorax. patchy right lower lobe infiltrate as well as probable left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-5791] no evidence of airspace opacity. no effusion or noncalcified nodules. no evidence of pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5792] no evidence of airspace opacity. no effusion or noncalcified nodules. no evidence of pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5793] no findings. tortuous thoracic aorta. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5794] pa and lateral views. stable postoperative changes with midline sternotomy and myocardial revascularization. cardiac size remains mildly enlarged but stable. there is mild vascular congestion. small bilateral pleural effusions are present, which are. mild pulmonary vascular congestion, with bilateral effusions. constellation findings is most compatible with congestive heart failure
[Record ID: OpenI-5795] pa and lateral views. stable postoperative changes with midline sternotomy and myocardial revascularization. cardiac size remains mildly enlarged but stable. there is mild vascular congestion. small bilateral pleural effusions are present, which are. mild pulmonary vascular congestion, with bilateral effusions. constellation findings is most compatible with congestive heart failure
[Record ID: OpenI-5796] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. in the left midlung zone, there has been development of a small lung nodule. this measures approximately 8 mm in diameter. 8 mm left midlung nodule. since. comparison to interval outside film would be helpful to assess the chronicity of this nodule. if old films are not available, or if this is, chest ct scan could be to better define this
[Record ID: OpenI-5797] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. in the left midlung zone, there has been development of a small lung nodule. this measures approximately 8 mm in diameter. 8 mm left midlung nodule. since. comparison to interval outside film would be helpful to assess the chronicity of this nodule. if old films are not available, or if this is, chest ct scan could be to better define this
[Record ID: OpenI-5798] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5799] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5800] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5801] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5802] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion. there are gastroesophageal junction and epigastric postsurgical changes. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5803] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion. there are gastroesophageal junction and epigastric postsurgical changes. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5804] leftsided icd device and leads are stable. stable enlarged cardiac silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5805] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. negative chest radiographs
[Record ID: OpenI-5806] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. negative chest radiographs
[Record ID: OpenI-5807] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5808] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5809] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is mild biapical pleural thickening which is smooth. there is evidence of previous anterior cervical spine fusion. there are degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5810] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is mild biapical pleural thickening which is smooth. there is evidence of previous anterior cervical spine fusion. there are degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5811] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. there is calcified granuloma in the left lingula. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5812] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. there is calcified granuloma in the left lingula. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5813] no findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. calcified left hilar lymph
[Record ID: OpenI-5814] no findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. calcified left hilar lymph
[Record ID: OpenI-5815] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5816] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5817] heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. stable calcification of the thoracic aorta. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5818] heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. stable calcification of the thoracic aorta. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5819] right mid lung nodule stable etiology not determined. this is noncalcified, and is stable since a ct examination from and is benign etiology. the lungs are well inflated and without focal consolidation. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. costophrenic clear. visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in and alignment. overlying leads. stable radiographic view of chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5820] right mid lung nodule stable etiology not determined. this is noncalcified, and is stable since a ct examination from and is benign etiology. the lungs are well inflated and without focal consolidation. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. costophrenic clear. visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in and alignment. overlying leads. stable radiographic view of chest
[Record ID: OpenI-5821] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the to be grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5822] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the to be grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5823] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5824] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5825] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5826] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5827] heart is at the upper limits of normal size. lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5828] heart is at the upper limits of normal size. lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5829] no unusual findings. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5830] no unusual findings. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5831] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. a total of 3 images were obtained. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits allowing for low lung volumes and patient rotation. there is atelectasis. no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. calcified right infrahilar lymph again seen. partially visualized lower cervical spine fusion. lung lines without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5832] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. a total of 3 images were obtained. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits allowing for low lung volumes and patient rotation. there is atelectasis. no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. calcified right infrahilar lymph again seen. partially visualized lower cervical spine fusion. lung lines without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5833] lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and increased ap chest diameter, compatible with emphysema. there is no evidence of focal infiltrate, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or identified mass lesion. there is normal cardiomediastinal contours. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality, findings compatible with emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-5834] lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and increased ap chest diameter, compatible with emphysema. there is no evidence of focal infiltrate, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or identified mass lesion. there is normal cardiomediastinal contours. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality, findings compatible with emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-5835] no findings. patchy bilateral airspace disease with pulmonary, a combination of atelectasis and consolidation. borderline cardiac enlargement. tracheostomy tube tip 4 cm above the carina
[Record ID: OpenI-5836] no findings. patchy bilateral airspace disease with pulmonary, a combination of atelectasis and consolidation. borderline cardiac enlargement. tracheostomy tube tip 4 cm above the carina
[Record ID: OpenI-5837] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5838] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5839] low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. a dense nodule in the right base suggest a previous granulomatous process. heart size within normal limits, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. low lung volumes with no definite acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5840] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5841] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5842] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear without evidence of effusion or infiltrate. there is a small right lower lobe calcified granuloma that is unchanged from prior examinations. no acute bony abnormality. no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. hyperexpanded lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-5843] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear without evidence of effusion or infiltrate. there is a small right lower lobe calcified granuloma that is unchanged from prior examinations. no acute bony abnormality. no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. hyperexpanded lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-5844] the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5845] the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5846] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. vascular calcification is noted. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5847] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. vascular calcification is noted. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5848] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is no pulmonary nodule identified. there is a left humerus prosthesis partly demonstrated. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence for metastatic disease by radiographic evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-5849] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is no pulmonary nodule identified. there is a left humerus prosthesis partly demonstrated. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence for metastatic disease by radiographic evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-5850] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5851] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5852] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5853] no findings. illdefined opacity projecting over midthoracic spine on lateral view corresponding with residual massnodularity seen scan from. wellexpanded lungs with no acute airspace disease. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5854] no findings. illdefined opacity projecting over midthoracic spine on lateral view corresponding with residual massnodularity seen scan from. wellexpanded lungs with no acute airspace disease. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5855] the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5856] the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5857] there are stable sternotomy. the heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. stable appearance of the chest. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5858] there are stable sternotomy. the heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. stable appearance of the chest. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5859] no findings. lungs appear hyperinflated. this may be secondary to voluntary considering patients age. clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5860] no findings. lungs appear hyperinflated. this may be secondary to voluntary considering patients age. clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5861] no findings. cardiomegaly stable. lungs clear. no edema or effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-5862] no findings. cardiomegaly stable. lungs clear. no edema or effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-5863] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5864] heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. again visualized is a wedgeshaped fracture of t12. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. wedgeshaped fracture of t12
[Record ID: OpenI-5865] heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. again visualized is a wedgeshaped fracture of t12. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. wedgeshaped fracture of t12
[Record ID: OpenI-5866] stable normal cardiac size and contour, unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary and interstitium. lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease. stable normal cardiac size and contour, unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary and interstitium. lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5867] stable normal cardiac size and contour, unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary and interstitium. lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease. stable normal cardiac size and contour, unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary and interstitium. lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5868] mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no bony abnormality. vague density in right mid lung, related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. not visualized on lateral exam. vague density in right, related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. consider oblique images to exclude true nodule. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5869] mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no bony abnormality. vague density in right mid lung, related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. not visualized on lateral exam. vague density in right, related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. consider oblique images to exclude true nodule. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5870] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5871] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5872] the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5873] the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5874] there is a small area of scarring or atelectasis in the left base. calcified granulomas seen in the posterior right lower lobe. lungs are otherwise clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal. minimal small area scarring of the left base
[Record ID: OpenI-5875] there is a small area of scarring or atelectasis in the left base. calcified granulomas seen in the posterior right lower lobe. lungs are otherwise clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal. minimal small area scarring of the left base
[Record ID: OpenI-5876] normal heart size. stable position of 2 pacemaker electrodes, with a tip in the expected region of the right atrium and another tip in the expected region of the right ventricle. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. are unremarkable. there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5877] no interval change is found in the bony thorax. the heart size remains normal with an ectatic tortuous aorta. the pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. lungs are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion. the fullness to the right hilum is again noted but this is unchanged suggesting no progression of the retrohilar nodule on the ct scan. no pulmonary nodule is found. stable chest radiograph with no acute or progressive abnormality. there is no suggestion of enlargement of the known right retrohilar pulmonary nodule or pulmonary nodularity
[Record ID: OpenI-5878] no interval change is found in the bony thorax. the heart size remains normal with an ectatic tortuous aorta. the pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. lungs are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion. the fullness to the right hilum is again noted but this is unchanged suggesting no progression of the retrohilar nodule on the ct scan. no pulmonary nodule is found. stable chest radiograph with no acute or progressive abnormality. there is no suggestion of enlargement of the known right retrohilar pulmonary nodule or pulmonary nodularity
[Record ID: OpenI-5879] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. stable right lower lobe calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. spurring of the thoracic spine. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5880] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. stable right lower lobe calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. spurring of the thoracic spine. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5881] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the costophrenic are blunted. the interstitial markings are slightly accentuated suggesting underlying chronic diseaseemphysema. no focal consolidation is seen. mild costophrenic blunting suggesting bilateral pleural effusions andor thickening. no acute infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-5882] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the costophrenic are blunted. the interstitial markings are slightly accentuated suggesting underlying chronic diseaseemphysema. no focal consolidation is seen. mild costophrenic blunting suggesting bilateral pleural effusions andor thickening. no acute infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-5883] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. mild dextrocurvature the spine. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-5884] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. mild dextrocurvature the spine. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-5885] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. subtle increased opacity of right mid hemithorax related to superimposed soft tissues. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5886] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. subtle increased opacity of right mid hemithorax related to superimposed soft tissues. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5887] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5888] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5889] the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are wellinflated and clear. there is an 8mm nodule in the left lower lobe, calcified granuloma. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. bony structures of the thorax are intact with minimal early degenerative change. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. 8mm nodule in the left lung base, calcified granuloma
[Record ID: OpenI-5890] the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are wellinflated and clear. there is an 8mm nodule in the left lower lobe, calcified granuloma. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. bony structures of the thorax are intact with minimal early degenerative change. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. 8mm nodule in the left lung base, calcified granuloma
[Record ID: OpenI-5891] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5892] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5893] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5894] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5895] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5896] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5897] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5898] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-5899] in the interval, consolidation and atelectasis have developed in the right lower lobe. costophrenic blunted on the right. left lung clear. heart size normal. left lower lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. associated right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-5900] in the interval, consolidation and atelectasis have developed in the right lower lobe. costophrenic blunted on the right. left lung clear. heart size normal. left lower lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. associated right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-5901] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a 1 cm focal opacity in the right lung apex incompletely evaluated by this exam. there is minimal left basilar opacity compatible with scarring or atelectasis. there are degenerative changes of the spine. 1 cm of apical opacity, scarring versus nodule. a noncontrast is indicated for further characterization. critical result notification documented through primordial
[Record ID: OpenI-5902] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a 1 cm focal opacity in the right lung apex incompletely evaluated by this exam. there is minimal left basilar opacity compatible with scarring or atelectasis. there are degenerative changes of the spine. 1 cm of apical opacity, scarring versus nodule. a noncontrast is indicated for further characterization. critical result notification documented through primordial
[Record ID: OpenI-5903] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5904] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5905] no findings. status post mediastinal surgery. significantly improved aeration. remaining obliteration of the bilateral pleural sinus, more on left than right side, which may represent scarring alternatively small pleural effusions. for more detailed evaluation, if clinically indicated, consider decubitus views. no acute air space disease. no pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-5906] no findings. status post mediastinal surgery. significantly improved aeration. remaining obliteration of the bilateral pleural sinus, more on left than right side, which may represent scarring alternatively small pleural effusions. for more detailed evaluation, if clinically indicated, consider decubitus views. no acute air space disease. no pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-5907] no findings. heart size normal. slight tortuous aorta. the lungs are clear. no effusions or edema
[Record ID: OpenI-5908] no findings. heart size normal. slight tortuous aorta. the lungs are clear. no effusions or edema
[Record ID: OpenI-5909] no findings. 3 cm right upper lobe anterior segment mass. no effusion. no adenopathy. ct scan is the to determine if there is any mediastinal adenopathy. no bony abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5910] no findings. 3 cm right upper lobe anterior segment mass. no effusion. no adenopathy. ct scan is the to determine if there is any mediastinal adenopathy. no bony abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5911] no findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-5912] no findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine
[Record ID: OpenI-5913] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5914] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5915] no findings. heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. mild right apex curvature of the upper thoracic spine is nonspecific and could be related to patient positioning. nodular opacity projecting over the posterior right 9th rib and reflects granuloma
[Record ID: OpenI-5916] no findings. heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. mild right apex curvature of the upper thoracic spine is nonspecific and could be related to patient positioning. nodular opacity projecting over the posterior right 9th rib and reflects granuloma
[Record ID: OpenI-5917] the heart size is moderately enlarged. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. again noted is and left midlung airspace opacity atelectasis. there is left basilar opacity atelectasis as well. there is improved right midlung opacity. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. sternotomy are intact. extensive atherosclerotic disease. probable left midlung and left basilar atelectasis. cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-5918] there is minimal hyperexpansion and hyperlucency of the lungs suggestive of chronic lung disease, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. opacity in the left subsegmental atelectasis. cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly stable and within normal limits, with mild tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine noted without acute bony abnormality. changes of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5919] there is minimal hyperexpansion and hyperlucency of the lungs suggestive of chronic lung disease, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. opacity in the left subsegmental atelectasis. cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly stable and within normal limits, with mild tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine noted without acute bony abnormality. changes of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5920] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5921] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-5922] sternotomy remain in. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute, displaced rib fractures identified. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5923] sternotomy remain in. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute, displaced rib fractures identified. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5924] no findings. borderline cardiac enlargement. tortuous aorta. prominent hilar contours. worsening patchy peripheral opacification in the right midlung, somewhat pleural based. a pneumonia superimposed on changes of emphysema and parenchymal scarring would be a consideration. a followup study and 4 to 6 weeks could be considered to evaluate for resolution. if this area does not resolve, further characterization with may be warranted
[Record ID: OpenI-5925] no findings. borderline cardiac enlargement. tortuous aorta. prominent hilar contours. worsening patchy peripheral opacification in the right midlung, somewhat pleural based. a pneumonia superimposed on changes of emphysema and parenchymal scarring would be a consideration. a followup study and 4 to 6 weeks could be considered to evaluate for resolution. if this area does not resolve, further characterization with may be warranted
[Record ID: OpenI-5926] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5927] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5928] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. opacity in left midlung. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5929] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. opacity in left midlung. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5930] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5931] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5932] there is opacity left lung base may represent atelectasis or early infiltrate. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. opacity left lung base
[Record ID: OpenI-5933] there is opacity left lung base may represent atelectasis or early infiltrate. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. opacity left lung base
[Record ID: OpenI-5934] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically, no evidence of pleural effusion or hilar or mediastinal adenopathy
[Record ID: OpenI-5935] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically, no evidence of pleural effusion or hilar or mediastinal adenopathy
[Record ID: OpenI-5936] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. mild curvature thoracolumbar junction. no active pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5937] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. mild curvature thoracolumbar junction. no active pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5938] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. there is a vague right suprahilar density with elevation of the fissure most mild subsegmental atelectasis though superimposed infection cannot be entirely excluded. the remaining lungs are clear. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. right upper lobe subsegmental atelectasis. no evidence of heart failure
[Record ID: OpenI-5939] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. there is a vague right suprahilar density with elevation of the fissure most mild subsegmental atelectasis though superimposed infection cannot be entirely excluded. the remaining lungs are clear. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. right upper lobe subsegmental atelectasis. no evidence of heart failure
[Record ID: OpenI-5940] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5941] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5942] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. calcified right hilar lymph are demonstrated. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild to moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5943] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. calcified right hilar lymph are demonstrated. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild to moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5944] the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. there are bibasilar airspace opacities left greater than right with small right pleural effusion. no visualized pneumothorax. bibasilar airspace disease left greater than right with small effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-5945] the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. there are bibasilar airspace opacities left greater than right with small right pleural effusion. no visualized pneumothorax. bibasilar airspace disease left greater than right with small effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-5946] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5947] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5948] low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding at the bases. no focal opacity. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours within normal limits. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5949] low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding at the bases. no focal opacity. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours within normal limits. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5950] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5951] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5952] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5953] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5954] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. left basilar subsegmental atelectasis versus scar noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. specifically, no evidence of active tuberculous process
[Record ID: OpenI-5955] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. left basilar subsegmental atelectasis versus scar noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. specifically, no evidence of active tuberculous process
[Record ID: OpenI-5956] there is an sshaped scoliosis of the thoracic spine. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5957] both lungs remain hyperexpanded. no focal infiltrates. a small pleural or collection is present in the right apex. however, it has decreased considerably since the previous examination. heart size remains normal. copd with almost completely resolved right apical pleural air collection
[Record ID: OpenI-5958] both lungs remain hyperexpanded. no focal infiltrates. a small pleural or collection is present in the right apex. however, it has decreased considerably since the previous examination. heart size remains normal. copd with almost completely resolved right apical pleural air collection
[Record ID: OpenI-5959] there are low lung volumes. the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour appear within normal limits. no acute abnormality demonstrated
[Record ID: OpenI-5960] hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits, the typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild spine dextrocurvature noted. hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory
[Record ID: OpenI-5961] hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits, the typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild spine dextrocurvature noted. hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory
[Record ID: OpenI-5962] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. there is a mild anterior wedge deformity of l1, ageindeterminate. no acute cardiopulmonary process. age indeterminant grade 1 anterior wedge deformity of l1
[Record ID: OpenI-5963] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. there is a mild anterior wedge deformity of l1, ageindeterminate. no acute cardiopulmonary process. age indeterminant grade 1 anterior wedge deformity of l1
[Record ID: OpenI-5964] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5965] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5966] scattered calcified pulmonary nodules, represents calcified granulomas. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. stable calcified hilar and mediastinal lymph, decreased in size from prior exam. heart size is normal. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5967] scattered calcified pulmonary nodules, represents calcified granulomas. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. stable calcified hilar and mediastinal lymph, decreased in size from prior exam. heart size is normal. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5968] the cardiac contours are normal. cardiac valve replacement. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-5969] the cardiac contours are normal. cardiac valve replacement. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-5970] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5971] the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-5972] the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-5973] both lungs remain clear and expanded. heart and pulmonary are normal. no change in the large hiatus hernia. no change. no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5974] both lungs remain clear and expanded. heart and pulmonary are normal. no change in the large hiatus hernia. no change. no visible active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5975] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5976] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5977] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-5978] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-5979] heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5980] heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5981] chest the heart is normal size with normal appearance of the cardia mediastinal silhouette. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes and thoracic spine. right knee there are severe tricompartmental degenerative changes with obliteration of the joint spaces. there is no fracture or dislocation. left knee there is joint space loss most prominent in the medial compartment. the of lateral view and limits evaluation for an effusion or the patellofemoral joint space. there is no fracture or dislocation. chest no acute cardiopulmonary finding. right knee severe tricompartmental degenerative changes without fracture or dislocation. left knee severe medial compartment degenerative changes
[Record ID: OpenI-5982] chest the heart is normal size with normal appearance of the cardia mediastinal silhouette. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes and thoracic spine. right knee there are severe tricompartmental degenerative changes with obliteration of the joint spaces. there is no fracture or dislocation. left knee there is joint space loss most prominent in the medial compartment. the of lateral view and limits evaluation for an effusion or the patellofemoral joint space. there is no fracture or dislocation. chest no acute cardiopulmonary finding. right knee severe tricompartmental degenerative changes without fracture or dislocation. left knee severe medial compartment degenerative changes
[Record ID: OpenI-5983] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. no fibrosis. no nodules or masses. please to be followed up as per history
[Record ID: OpenI-5984] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. no fibrosis. no nodules or masses. please to be followed up as per history
[Record ID: OpenI-5985] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5986] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5987] two views of chest was obtained in ap projection. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. lungs demonstrate segmental air space disease within the left lower lobe. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is evidence of cabg. left lower lobe airspace disease suspicious for pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-5988] two views of chest was obtained in ap projection. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. lungs demonstrate segmental air space disease within the left lower lobe. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is evidence of cabg. left lower lobe airspace disease suspicious for pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-5989] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. tortuous aorta. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5990] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. tortuous aorta. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-5991] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5992] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5993] the lungs are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. calcified granuloma noted in the right midlung. the heart size is within normal limits. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-5994] stable borderline cardiomegaly, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5995] stable borderline cardiomegaly, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-5996] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5997] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5998] the heart is upper limits of normal in size. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-5999] the heart is upper limits of normal in size. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6000] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal. unremarkable radiographs of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6001] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal. unremarkable radiographs of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6002] heart size mildly enlarged with enlarged right atrium. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no pneumothorax. cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6003] heart size mildly enlarged with enlarged right atrium. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no pneumothorax. cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6004] the heart is normal in size and contour. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. the lung volumes are low. there is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. minimal streaky opacities in the lung bases, subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. low lung volume study with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6005] the heart is normal in size and contour. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. the lung volumes are low. there is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. minimal streaky opacities in the lung bases, subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. low lung volume study with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6006] a leftsided hemodialysis catheter is in with its distal tip at the right atrium. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. stable position of the leftsided hemodialysis catheter otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6007] a leftsided hemodialysis catheter is in with its distal tip at the right atrium. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. stable position of the leftsided hemodialysis catheter otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6008] mild cardiomegaly. lungs are clear. calcified hilar. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. soft tissues and showed unremarkable. no evidence of active tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6009] mild cardiomegaly. lungs are clear. calcified hilar. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. soft tissues and showed unremarkable. no evidence of active tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6010] no findings. heart normal. lungs clear. upper lobe and emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-6011] no findings. heart normal. lungs clear. upper lobe and emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-6012] cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. and soft tissue are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6013] cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. and soft tissue are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6014] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and expansion of the retrosternal clear space. compared with prior exam, there has been interval resolution of previously demonstrated bibasilar infiltrates. there is minimal scarring or atelectasis in the right midlung. there is no focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. interval resolution of bibasilar airspace disease. hyperinflation with chronic changes of emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-6015] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and expansion of the retrosternal clear space. compared with prior exam, there has been interval resolution of previously demonstrated bibasilar infiltrates. there is minimal scarring or atelectasis in the right midlung. there is no focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. interval resolution of bibasilar airspace disease. hyperinflation with chronic changes of emphysema
[Record ID: OpenI-6016] normal cardiac contours. clear lung bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6017] there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is patchy left lower lobe airspace disease. there are opacities in the right mid lung, subsegmental atelectasis. no significant pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. patchy left lower lobe airspace disease, possibly atelectasis or pneumonia. right mid lung subsegmental atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-6018] there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is patchy left lower lobe airspace disease. there are opacities in the right mid lung, subsegmental atelectasis. no significant pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. patchy left lower lobe airspace disease, possibly atelectasis or pneumonia. right mid lung subsegmental atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-6019] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. emphysematous changes are present. the lungs are free of active disease. deformed right ribs. thoracic spondylosis. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6020] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. emphysematous changes are present. the lungs are free of active disease. deformed right ribs. thoracic spondylosis. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6021] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6022] three images are available for review. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6023] three images are available for review. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6024] no unusual findings. heart size is normal, lungs are clear. no nodular masses. ct scan is more sensitive in detecting small nodules
[Record ID: OpenI-6025] no unusual findings. heart size is normal, lungs are clear. no nodular masses. ct scan is more sensitive in detecting small nodules
[Record ID: OpenI-6026] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6027] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6028] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified left upper lobe 5 mm peripheral granuloma. no edema or effusions. no pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-6029] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified left upper lobe 5 mm peripheral granuloma. no edema or effusions. no pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-6030] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-6031] sternotomy and mediastinal clips are unchanged. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. pulmonary vasculature and are unchanged. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged. no interval change
[Record ID: OpenI-6032] sternotomy and mediastinal clips are unchanged. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. pulmonary vasculature and are unchanged. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged. no interval change
[Record ID: OpenI-6033] heart size normal. mediastinum unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. lungs symmetrically aerated without focal infiltrate or consolidation. multiple scattered calcified granulomas are present bilaterally. no focal volume loss evident. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax unremarkable. multiple bilateral calcified granulomas most sequela of granulomatous process. no focal infiltrate or consolidation.. if one would like to discuss this case further, please. at. thanks
[Record ID: OpenI-6034] heart size normal. mediastinum unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. lungs symmetrically aerated without focal infiltrate or consolidation. multiple scattered calcified granulomas are present bilaterally. no focal volume loss evident. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax unremarkable. multiple bilateral calcified granulomas most sequela of granulomatous process. no focal infiltrate or consolidation.. if one would like to discuss this case further, please. at. thanks
[Record ID: OpenI-6035] no findings. heart size normal. mediastinal silhouette and vascularity are within normal limits. lungs are clear, hyperinflated. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-6036] no findings. heart size normal. mediastinal silhouette and vascularity are within normal limits. lungs are clear, hyperinflated. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-6037] no findings. heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours, mediastinal surgical clips, mediastinal and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. improved lung volumes, left base opacities most suggestive of scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-6038] no findings. heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours, mediastinal surgical clips, mediastinal and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. improved lung volumes, left base opacities most suggestive of scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-6039] compared to prior chest radiograph from, there has been removal of rightsided tunneled dialysis catheter. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. mildly increased atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. 0 cm nodular opacity in the left midlung is stable compared to prior examination from. no nodules, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax identified. there are bilateral pleural effusions posteriorly. there is mild central pulmonary vascular congestion without pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality. central pulmonary vascular congestion without edema, consolidation. bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-6040] compared to prior chest radiograph from, there has been removal of rightsided tunneled dialysis catheter. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. mildly increased atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. 0 cm nodular opacity in the left midlung is stable compared to prior examination from. no nodules, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax identified. there are bilateral pleural effusions posteriorly. there is mild central pulmonary vascular congestion without pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality. central pulmonary vascular congestion without edema, consolidation. bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-6041] the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but grossly clear. significant degenerative changes of the are again noted bilaterally. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6042] the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but grossly clear. significant degenerative changes of the are again noted bilaterally. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6043] chest. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. ribs. there are no displaced rib fractures, or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures. soft tissues appear normal. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. ribs. no displaced rib fractures, or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-6044] chest. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. ribs. there are no displaced rib fractures, or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures. soft tissues appear normal. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. ribs. no displaced rib fractures, or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-6045] heart size is normal. tortuous aorta. irregular 2 cm opacity in the left upper lung is identified both on pa and lateral views and represents chronic scarring. she has a partial resection of the posterior fourth rib. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no focal infiltrate. anterior wedging of multiple vertebral bodies including t6, t8, t11 and t12. scarring or pleural plaque in the left upper lobe with partial resection of the posterior fourth rib. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6046] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size, with redemonstration of tortuous and atherosclerotic calcified thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax identified. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm is stable compared to prior examination. multilevel degenerative disc disease and thoracolumbar spine again noted without acute osseous abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6047] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size, with redemonstration of tortuous and atherosclerotic calcified thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax identified. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm is stable compared to prior examination. multilevel degenerative disc disease and thoracolumbar spine again noted without acute osseous abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6048] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are present within the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6049] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are present within the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6050] there is a left chest wall cardiac generator with 2 leads, one projecting over the right atrium and one projecting over the right. the heart is near top normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are clear without focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-6051] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6052] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6053] no findings. slight basilar prominence of lung markings most representing some mild chronic inflammatory change. no acute airspace disease or effusions. mediastinal contour within normal limits
[Record ID: OpenI-6054] chest. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. abdomen. no pneumoperitoneum. there is a normal bowel pattern. air and stool visible throughout the entire large colon including the rectum. no abnormally dilated small bowel loops. no evidence for intussusception or small bowel obstruction. no pathologic calcifications over the abdomen or pelvis. are without fracture or destructive lesion, though there are mild degenerative changes throughout the lumbar spine. small hiatal hernia is not as well demonstrated on this exam. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. abdomen. no acute intraabdominal process. negative for obstruction
[Record ID: OpenI-6055] chest. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. abdomen. no pneumoperitoneum. there is a normal bowel pattern. air and stool visible throughout the entire large colon including the rectum. no abnormally dilated small bowel loops. no evidence for intussusception or small bowel obstruction. no pathologic calcifications over the abdomen or pelvis. are without fracture or destructive lesion, though there are mild degenerative changes throughout the lumbar spine. small hiatal hernia is not as well demonstrated on this exam. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. abdomen. no acute intraabdominal process. negative for obstruction
[Record ID: OpenI-6056] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild spine curvature again noted. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6057] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change. no evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. multilevel degenerative changes of the spine are noted. emphysematous change without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6058] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change. no evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. multilevel degenerative changes of the spine are noted. emphysematous change without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6059] low lung volumes. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild left lingular platelike atelectasis. are grossly unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-6060] low lung volumes. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild left lingular platelike atelectasis. are grossly unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-6061] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6062] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6063] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6064] there is mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right with left basilar opacities. no pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and left basilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-6065] there is mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right with left basilar opacities. no pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and left basilar atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-6066] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.. no acute, displaced rib fractures. no acute intrathoracic abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6067] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. convexity also present on the previous exam. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6068] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. convexity also present on the previous exam. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6069] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6070] cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6071] there is prominence of the left hilum which may represent adenopathy or engorged vasculature. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits of size and contour. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality. prominence of the left hilum may be secondary to adenopathy or enlarged pulmonary vasculature. chest ct with contrast may be helpful for further clarification
[Record ID: OpenI-6072] there is prominence of the left hilum which may represent adenopathy or engorged vasculature. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits of size and contour. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality. prominence of the left hilum may be secondary to adenopathy or enlarged pulmonary vasculature. chest ct with contrast may be helpful for further clarification
[Record ID: OpenI-6073] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. morgagni hernia, stable. lungs are expanded and clear of air space disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals diffuse demineralization with stable anterior wedging at the lower thoracic levels. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6074] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. morgagni hernia, stable. lungs are expanded and clear of air space disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals diffuse demineralization with stable anterior wedging at the lower thoracic levels. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6075] frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6076] frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6077] no findings. left effusion in the left lateral costophrenic recess. minimal residual left lung base airspace disease. stable heart size, moderately enlarged and tortuous calcified aorta. clear right lung
[Record ID: OpenI-6078] no findings. left effusion in the left lateral costophrenic recess. minimal residual left lung base airspace disease. stable heart size, moderately enlarged and tortuous calcified aorta. clear right lung
[Record ID: OpenI-6079] no findings. there is a left ij tunneled for catheter tip near the caval atrial junction. the heart size is normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. no edema. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pulmonary mass seen
[Record ID: OpenI-6080] no findings. there is a left ij tunneled for catheter tip near the caval atrial junction. the heart size is normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. no edema. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pulmonary mass seen
[Record ID: OpenI-6081] heart size and mediastinal contour normal. there is a 5 cm vague nodular density in the right mid lung, probably within the middle lobe given the opacification on the lateral view. there is a subtle left retrocardiac density also noted, with obscuration of aortic contour. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. right midlung and left basilar airspace densities. the most recent study is not available for comparison. recommend further evaluation with
[Record ID: OpenI-6082] heart size and mediastinal contour normal. there is a 5 cm vague nodular density in the right mid lung, probably within the middle lobe given the opacification on the lateral view. there is a subtle left retrocardiac density also noted, with obscuration of aortic contour. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. right midlung and left basilar airspace densities. the most recent study is not available for comparison. recommend further evaluation with
[Record ID: OpenI-6083] pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6084] pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6085] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. calcified left hilar lymph granulomas. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. old fracture, right mid clavicle. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6086] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. calcified left hilar lymph granulomas. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. old fracture, right mid clavicle. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6087] heart size appears within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. radiodensity overlying the middle cardiac silhouette, representing a hiatal hernia. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6088] heart size appears within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. radiodensity overlying the middle cardiac silhouette, representing a hiatal hernia. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6089] the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. there are postsurgical clips in the right upper quadrant. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6090] the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. there are postsurgical clips in the right upper quadrant. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6091] onset right basal atelectasis with airspace disease and effusion suggestive of the chest infection. stable cardiomegaly and features of cabg. interval removal of left picc line, no pneumothorax. onset right basal chest infection
[Record ID: OpenI-6092] onset right basal atelectasis with airspace disease and effusion suggestive of the chest infection. stable cardiomegaly and features of cabg. interval removal of left picc line, no pneumothorax. onset right basal chest infection
[Record ID: OpenI-6093] calcified left lower lobe granuloma. no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. degenerative changes noted of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6094] calcified left lower lobe granuloma. no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. degenerative changes noted of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6095] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. scoliosis is unchanged. visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process or significant interval change
[Record ID: OpenI-6096] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. scoliosis is unchanged. visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process or significant interval change
[Record ID: OpenI-6097] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size is upper limits of normal. pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6098] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size is upper limits of normal. pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6099] heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are grossly intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6100] heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are grossly intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6101] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. the inferior posterior sulcus is excluded. no acute or active cardiac or pulmonary disease process. cannot exclude small pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-6102] frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. the inferior posterior sulcus is excluded. no acute or active cardiac or pulmonary disease process. cannot exclude small pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-6103] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic atherosclerosis. hyperexpanded lungs. right perihilarmidlung density. streaky bibasilar opacities, as well. left upper lobe nodular opacity anterior first rib interspace may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. grossly similar midthoracic vertebral fracture. no focal air space consolidation. nodular opacity at the left apex may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. chest may provide further evaluation, if warranted
[Record ID: OpenI-6104] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic atherosclerosis. hyperexpanded lungs. right perihilarmidlung density. streaky bibasilar opacities, as well. left upper lobe nodular opacity anterior first rib interspace may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. grossly similar midthoracic vertebral fracture. no focal air space consolidation. nodular opacity at the left apex may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. chest may provide further evaluation, if warranted
[Record ID: OpenI-6105] there is bibasilar airspace disease. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and stable. there is blunting of the right costophrenic unchanged scarring. no pneumothorax. bibasilar airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6106] there is bibasilar airspace disease. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and stable. there is blunting of the right costophrenic unchanged scarring. no pneumothorax. bibasilar airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6107] there is minimal scarring within the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6108] there is minimal scarring within the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6109] lungs are clear. heart size normal. no pneumothorax. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6110] lungs are clear. heart size normal. no pneumothorax. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6111] both lungs remain clear and expanded. no focal parenchymal infiltrates or pleural air collections. heart and aorta are normal. no change in the large hiatus hernia. pelvis. bone density is decreased. hips are normal and symmetric. no fractures, dislocations, or bone destruction. note of a severe rotatory dextroscoliosis in the lumbar spine. chest. no change no active cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence for cardiopulmonary injury. pelvis and hips negative for recent bony injury
[Record ID: OpenI-6112] 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6113] 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6114] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. stable 4 mm lateral left midlung calcified granuloma. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6115] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. stable 4 mm lateral left midlung calcified granuloma. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6116] no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6117] no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6118] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no active disease. specifically, no radiographic evidence for tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6119] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no active disease. specifically, no radiographic evidence for tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6120] heart size is normal. the aorta is tortuous, and cannot exclude ascending aortic aneurysm. the pulmonary vascularity is normal. there residual to prior granulomatous infection. lungs are otherwise clear. degenerative change of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process. tortuous aorta, cannot exclude ascending aortic aneurysm
[Record ID: OpenI-6121] heart size is normal. the aorta is tortuous, and cannot exclude ascending aortic aneurysm. the pulmonary vascularity is normal. there residual to prior granulomatous infection. lungs are otherwise clear. degenerative change of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process. tortuous aorta, cannot exclude ascending aortic aneurysm
[Record ID: OpenI-6122] cardiac silhouette within normal limits. no edema or airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6123] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process, specifically no evidence of active tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6124] overall low lung volumes. lungs are grossly clear. pleural thickening along the inferior left lateral chest. this appears relatively stable compared to the prior examination. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. degenerative changes in the spine. cardiomegaly. pleural thickening along the inferior left lateral chest wall stable since the prior examination
[Record ID: OpenI-6125] overall low lung volumes. lungs are grossly clear. pleural thickening along the inferior left lateral chest. this appears relatively stable compared to the prior examination. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. degenerative changes in the spine. cardiomegaly. pleural thickening along the inferior left lateral chest wall stable since the prior examination
[Record ID: OpenI-6126] no findings. heart size normal. no fibrosis. right apical and left base 5 mm calcified granulomas. calcified hilar lymph. no effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-6127] no findings. heart size normal. no fibrosis. right apical and left base 5 mm calcified granulomas. calcified hilar lymph. no effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-6128] no findings. slight cardiomegaly. lungs are clear. no rib abnormalities are seen. the lower ribs are not adequately imaged to rule out pathology on the chest film
[Record ID: OpenI-6129] no findings. slight cardiomegaly. lungs are clear. no rib abnormalities are seen. the lower ribs are not adequately imaged to rule out pathology on the chest film
[Record ID: OpenI-6130] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6131] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6132] the cardiac contours are normal. mild atherosclerosis. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6133] the cardiac contours are normal. mild atherosclerosis. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6134] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6135] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6136] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there has been clearing of left base airspace opacities. the lungs now appear clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. the lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. no evidence of acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6137] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there has been clearing of left base airspace opacities. the lungs now appear clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. the lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. no evidence of acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6138] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6139] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6140] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6141] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6142] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense nodule again noted in the right lower lobe suggesting a previous granulomatous process. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6143] cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. no visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. there is a mild dextro scoliotic curvature of the midthoracic spine. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6144] cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. no visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. there is a mild dextro scoliotic curvature of the midthoracic spine. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6145] right lower lobe patchy opacities noted. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. patchy right lower lobe opacities, infectious infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-6146] right lower lobe patchy opacities noted. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. patchy right lower lobe opacities, infectious infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-6147] coronary artery stents visualized. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6148] coronary artery stents visualized. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6149] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6150] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6151] enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. low lung volumes. relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. left base density. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. cardiomegaly without heart failure. minimal left basilar scarringatelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-6152] enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. low lung volumes. relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. left base density. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. cardiomegaly without heart failure. minimal left basilar scarringatelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-6153] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6154] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6155] no unusual findings. heart size upper limits normal. clear lungs. no pneumonia or effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-6156] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there are no focal infiltrates. there is prominent epipericardial fat. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. right 7th and 8th rib deformities are noted. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6157] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there are no focal infiltrates. there is prominent epipericardial fat. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. right 7th and 8th rib deformities are noted. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6158] heart size mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6159] heart size mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6160] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6161] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6162] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6163] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6164] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. tortuosity of the thoracic aorta noted. scattered calcified granulomas are seen without evidence of active granulomatoustuberculous process. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6165] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. tortuosity of the thoracic aorta noted. scattered calcified granulomas are seen without evidence of active granulomatoustuberculous process. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6166] apparent cardiomegaly at partially accentuated by low lung volumes. relative elevation right hemidiaphragm. streaky left retrocardiac densities. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. surgical clips near the gastroesophageal junction. negative for acute bone abnormality. cardiomegaly without heart failure. low lung findings. left retrocardiac opacities, subsegmental atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-6167] apparent cardiomegaly at partially accentuated by low lung volumes. relative elevation right hemidiaphragm. streaky left retrocardiac densities. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. surgical clips near the gastroesophageal junction. negative for acute bone abnormality. cardiomegaly without heart failure. low lung findings. left retrocardiac opacities, subsegmental atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-6168] cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. no acute bony abnormality. there are opacities, atelectasis versus airspace disease. no large effusion or pneumothorax. atelectasisairspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6169] cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. no acute bony abnormality. there are opacities, atelectasis versus airspace disease. no large effusion or pneumothorax. atelectasisairspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6170] there are no acute osseous abnormalities. soft tissues are within normal limits. there is stable enlargement of the heart. calcific aorta. stable bilateral calcified granulomas. the lungs are clear bilaterally without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6171] there are no acute osseous abnormalities. soft tissues are within normal limits. there is stable enlargement of the heart. calcific aorta. stable bilateral calcified granulomas. the lungs are clear bilaterally without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6172] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. there are emphysematous changes with increased interstitial markings, particularly in the periphery and lung bases. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. there is no pleural effusion. emphysema with increased lung markings markings, possibly superimposed chronic lung diseasefibrosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6173] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. there are emphysematous changes with increased interstitial markings, particularly in the periphery and lung bases. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. there is no pleural effusion. emphysema with increased lung markings markings, possibly superimposed chronic lung diseasefibrosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6174] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6175] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6176] the opacity at the left lung base appears stable from prior exam. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is stable. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. sternotomy are again noted. there is a large amount of distending the stomach, which incidentally was also seen on prior exam of 3 years ago. there is no pneumothorax. left basilar opacity represents atelectasisscarring with associated elevated hemidiaphragm. stable cardiomegaly. no airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6177] the opacity at the left lung base appears stable from prior exam. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is stable. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. sternotomy are again noted. there is a large amount of distending the stomach, which incidentally was also seen on prior exam of 3 years ago. there is no pneumothorax. left basilar opacity represents atelectasisscarring with associated elevated hemidiaphragm. stable cardiomegaly. no airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6178] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6179] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6180] no findings. compared with prior examination mildly improved inspirational. lung parenchyma is not clear. no acute airspace disease, large pleural effusions or pulmonary edema. no of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6181] the lungs are clear. heart size and mediastinal contours are normal. no osseous abnormalities. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-6182] the lungs are clear. heart size and mediastinal contours are normal. no osseous abnormalities. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-6183] there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6184] there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6185] density in the left upper lung on pa represents superimposed bony and vascular structures. there is calcification of the first rib costicartilage junction which contributes to this appearance. the lungs otherwise appear clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. in the pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contour is normal. there are degenerative changes of thoracic spine. there is an electronic cardiac device overlying the left chest wall with intact distal leads in the right heart. irregular density in the left upper lung on pa, artifact related to superimposed vascular bony structures. chest fluoroscopy or would confirm this otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6186] heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without fracture. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6187] heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without fracture. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6188] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6189] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6190] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6191] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6192] no findings. heart size normal and lungs are clear. old healed left lateral rib fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-6193] no findings. heart size normal and lungs are clear. old healed left lateral rib fractures
[Record ID: OpenI-6194] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-6195] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6196] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6197] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6198] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6199] no findings. chest. heart size is normal lungs are clear. calcified left lung and left hilar granulomas. left shoulder. no fractures and no dislocations. minimal degenerative disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6200] no findings. chest. heart size is normal lungs are clear. calcified left lung and left hilar granulomas. left shoulder. no fractures and no dislocations. minimal degenerative disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6201] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-6202] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-6203] no findings. pa and lateral views of the chest show enlarging right hilar adenopathy. the lungs appear grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary are normal. there is no pneumothorax. pleural spaces are clear. there is mild thoracic spine degenerative change. findings could represent resolving histoplasmosis infection, sarcoidosis, or malignancy as lymphoma or primary lung cancer. recommend contrastenhanced chest ct for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-6204] no findings. pa and lateral views of the chest show enlarging right hilar adenopathy. the lungs appear grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary are normal. there is no pneumothorax. pleural spaces are clear. there is mild thoracic spine degenerative change. findings could represent resolving histoplasmosis infection, sarcoidosis, or malignancy as lymphoma or primary lung cancer. recommend contrastenhanced chest ct for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-6205] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6206] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6207] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6208] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6209] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-6210] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-6211] increased interstitial lung changes with superimposed pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly. negative for effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema superimposed on chronic interstitial lung changes
[Record ID: OpenI-6212] increased interstitial lung changes with superimposed pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly. negative for effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema superimposed on chronic interstitial lung changes
[Record ID: OpenI-6213] the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. there are degenerative changes within the bilaterally and left acromioclavicular joint. in the soft tissues of the right upper extremity. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6214] the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. there are degenerative changes within the bilaterally and left acromioclavicular joint. in the soft tissues of the right upper extremity. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6215] no unusual findings. the heart size is top normal, cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-6216] no unusual findings. the heart size is top normal, cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-6217] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6218] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6219] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6220] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6221] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6222] ap and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the heart is normal size. mediastinum is unremarkable. lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no focal consolidation is seen. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6223] ap and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the heart is normal size. mediastinum is unremarkable. lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no focal consolidation is seen. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6224] there is hyperinflation of the lungs appear to be clear. there is no pleural effusion or the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. the skeletal structures are normal. copd. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6225] there is hyperinflation of the lungs appear to be clear. there is no pleural effusion or the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. the skeletal structures are normal. copd. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6226] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6227] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6228] no findings. heart size, mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. very mild right apex curvature and upper thoracic spine is nonspecific
[Record ID: OpenI-6229] no findings. heart size, mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. very mild right apex curvature and upper thoracic spine is nonspecific
[Record ID: OpenI-6230] no findings. heart size is normal. small bilateral pleural effusions right greater than left. probable interstitial edema, less fibrosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6231] no findings. heart size is normal. small bilateral pleural effusions right greater than left. probable interstitial edema, less fibrosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6232] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6233] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6234] no findings. marked elevation left diaphragm with atelectasis in the left base. mild atelectasis in the right base. stable or line cardiac enlargement with atherosclerotic aorta. obscured left heart. kyphotic degenerated thoracic spine with osteopenia multilevel deformities, poorly defined due to the extensive osteopenia
[Record ID: OpenI-6235] no findings. marked elevation left diaphragm with atelectasis in the left base. mild atelectasis in the right base. stable or line cardiac enlargement with atherosclerotic aorta. obscured left heart. kyphotic degenerated thoracic spine with osteopenia multilevel deformities, poorly defined due to the extensive osteopenia
[Record ID: OpenI-6236] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6237] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6238] chest. there is no change in the strandy scarring in the right apex. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart and mediastinum remain normal. lumbosacral spine. disc spaces are old narrow, and large osteophytes present on the vertebral bodies, worst at l2l3. elements from l4 through s1 are sclerotic. sacrum and sacroiliac joints are normal. calcific aortic disease is present. chest. no change right upper lobe scar. no acute disease. lumbosacral spine. multiple levels of advanced degenerative disc disease and arthritis
[Record ID: OpenI-6239] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. of the spine. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-6240] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. of the spine. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-6241] there is a opacity projecting over the left midlung, posterior on the lateral view. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size top normal. degenerative changes thoracic spine. opacity projecting over the left midlung. comparison examinations would be useful. if no comparison examinations exist, would be helpful for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-6242] there is a opacity projecting over the left midlung, posterior on the lateral view. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size top normal. degenerative changes thoracic spine. opacity projecting over the left midlung. comparison examinations would be useful. if no comparison examinations exist, would be helpful for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-6243] hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms, consistent with emphysema. there is streaky airspace opacities in the left suprahilar and lingular regions. no pneumothorax or effusions. mild bilateral costophrenic blunting represents pleural thickening and scarring. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. emphysematous changes with streaky opacities in the left perihilar and lingular regions, focal atelectasis and scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-6244] hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms, consistent with emphysema. there is streaky airspace opacities in the left suprahilar and lingular regions. no pneumothorax or effusions. mild bilateral costophrenic blunting represents pleural thickening and scarring. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. emphysematous changes with streaky opacities in the left perihilar and lingular regions, focal atelectasis and scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-6245] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are calcifications projecting of the left midlung, unchanged from prior, this is is sequela of prior granulomatous disease. there are small tspine osteophytes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6246] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are calcifications projecting of the left midlung, unchanged from prior, this is is sequela of prior granulomatous disease. there are small tspine osteophytes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6247] heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6248] heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6249] no findings. there is a left ij approach central catheter. there is a noted in the catheter at the level of the medial clavicle. the tip of the catheter reaches the level of the brachiocephalic venous confluence. heart size is normal. mediastinal silhouette is stable. no edema. essentially resolved bibasilar atelectasis, no consolidation or pneumothorax. left pleural effusion. chronic left 6th rib fracture
[Record ID: OpenI-6250] no findings. there is a left ij approach central catheter. there is a noted in the catheter at the level of the medial clavicle. the tip of the catheter reaches the level of the brachiocephalic venous confluence. heart size is normal. mediastinal silhouette is stable. no edema. essentially resolved bibasilar atelectasis, no consolidation or pneumothorax. left pleural effusion. chronic left 6th rib fracture
[Record ID: OpenI-6251] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-6252] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-6253] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. the descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6254] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. the descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6255] left midlung opacity noted, not visualized on prior. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. left mid lung opacity noted, most compatible with atelectasis versus infiltrate. recommend clinical correlation
[Record ID: OpenI-6256] left midlung opacity noted, not visualized on prior. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. left mid lung opacity noted, most compatible with atelectasis versus infiltrate. recommend clinical correlation
[Record ID: OpenI-6257] no unusual findings. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6258] no unusual findings. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6259] previous sulcal is normal in size and contour. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. interval resolution of previously described right midlung opacity suggesting resolved inflammatoryinfectious process. lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. and soft tissue are unremarkable. emphysematous changes. resolution of prior right midlung infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-6260] previous sulcal is normal in size and contour. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. interval resolution of previously described right midlung opacity suggesting resolved inflammatoryinfectious process. lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. and soft tissue are unremarkable. emphysematous changes. resolution of prior right midlung infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-6261] no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6262] no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6263] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6264] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6265] the lungs are clear. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6266] the lungs are clear. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6267] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. heart size upper limit of normal. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6268] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. heart size upper limit of normal. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6269] the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. no radiographic evidence for active tuberculosis a
[Record ID: OpenI-6270] the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. no radiographic evidence for active tuberculosis a
[Record ID: OpenI-6271] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6272] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6273] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6274] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6275] there is borderline cardiomegaly. mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated. borderline cardiomegaly. otherwise unremarkable exam
[Record ID: OpenI-6276] there is borderline cardiomegaly. mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated. borderline cardiomegaly. otherwise unremarkable exam
[Record ID: OpenI-6277] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6278] no unusual findings. clear lungs. no airspace disease or other parenchymal infiltrates. no of pleural effusions. no pulmonary edema. normal heart size, mediastinal contours and normal pulmonary vasculature. no of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-6279] no unusual findings. clear lungs. no airspace disease or other parenchymal infiltrates. no of pleural effusions. no pulmonary edema. normal heart size, mediastinal contours and normal pulmonary vasculature. no of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-6280] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6281] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6282] picc line catheter tip in the right atrium. heart is not enlarged. trachea and bronchi appear normal. lungs are mildly under expanded. no pneumothorax. there are small areas of patchy density in the left lower lung. there is a larger area of patchy density in the right mid and lower lungs with rightsided pleural effusion. in view of the history findings are strongly suggestive of acute pneumonia with rightsided pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-6283] picc line catheter tip in the right atrium. heart is not enlarged. trachea and bronchi appear normal. lungs are mildly under expanded. no pneumothorax. there are small areas of patchy density in the left lower lung. there is a larger area of patchy density in the right mid and lower lungs with rightsided pleural effusion. in view of the history findings are strongly suggestive of acute pneumonia with rightsided pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-6284] no findings. exam quality limited by hypoinflation and rotation. considering technical factors heart size mildly enlarged, aortic calcifications and ectasiatortuosity, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-6285] no findings. exam quality limited by hypoinflation and rotation. considering technical factors heart size mildly enlarged, aortic calcifications and ectasiatortuosity, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-6286] there are no acute osseous abnormalities. questionable old left posterior third and fourth rib fractures. visualized soft tissues are within normal limits. normal heart size. normal hilar vascular markings. subtle prominence of interstitial markings in the bases, left worse than right. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. subtle interstitial markings bilateral, may represent mild pulmonary edema or chronic interstitial changes
[Record ID: OpenI-6287] there are no acute osseous abnormalities. questionable old left posterior third and fourth rib fractures. visualized soft tissues are within normal limits. normal heart size. normal hilar vascular markings. subtle prominence of interstitial markings in the bases, left worse than right. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. subtle interstitial markings bilateral, may represent mild pulmonary edema or chronic interstitial changes
[Record ID: OpenI-6288] no findings. small focal nodular infiltrate in the lingula. correlate clinically for of infectionpneumonia. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no edema. normal heart size. mediastinal and right lung calcifications are compatible with old granulomatous disease. right upper abdominal clips from prior cholecystectomy
[Record ID: OpenI-6289] no findings. small focal nodular infiltrate in the lingula. correlate clinically for of infectionpneumonia. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no edema. normal heart size. mediastinal and right lung calcifications are compatible with old granulomatous disease. right upper abdominal clips from prior cholecystectomy
[Record ID: OpenI-6290] in the interval, a 2 cm diameter nodule has developed in the posterior segment of the left lower lobe. it is not calcified. no other infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart and pulmonary are normal. are normal. left lower lobe nodule. the differential diagnosis includes round pneumonia and parenchymal mass. ct may be of further
[Record ID: OpenI-6291] in the interval, a 2 cm diameter nodule has developed in the posterior segment of the left lower lobe. it is not calcified. no other infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart and pulmonary are normal. are normal. left lower lobe nodule. the differential diagnosis includes round pneumonia and parenchymal mass. ct may be of further
[Record ID: OpenI-6292] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6293] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no nodules, masses, effusions, or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-6294] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no nodules, masses, effusions, or pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-6295] there are tspine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6296] there are tspine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6297] no unusual findings. chest. no active disease. right shoulder. healing scapular fracture
[Record ID: OpenI-6298] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild granulomatous sequela are noted. the lungs are grossly clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6299] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild granulomatous sequela are noted. the lungs are grossly clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6300] low lung volumes with redemonstrated bronchovascular crowding. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged. borderline enlargement of cardiac silhouette, otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence for active tb
[Record ID: OpenI-6301] low lung volumes with redemonstrated bronchovascular crowding. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged. borderline enlargement of cardiac silhouette, otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence for active tb
[Record ID: OpenI-6302] change. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease.. no visible cardiopulmonary injuries
[Record ID: OpenI-6303] change. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease.. no visible cardiopulmonary injuries
[Record ID: OpenI-6304] no findings. slight cardiomegaly. lungs are clear no effusions or edema
[Record ID: OpenI-6305] the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6306] the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6307] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6308] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6309] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6310] lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6311] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6312] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6313] there is marked cardiomegaly. there is questionable dilation of the pulmonary arteries. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. prominent interstitial markings are due to low lung volumes. elevated right hemidiaphragm. marked cardiomegaly. low lung volumes
[Record ID: OpenI-6314] there is marked cardiomegaly. there is questionable dilation of the pulmonary arteries. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. prominent interstitial markings are due to low lung volumes. elevated right hemidiaphragm. marked cardiomegaly. low lung volumes
[Record ID: OpenI-6315] stable cardiomegaly with significantly low lung volumes and associated bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. no definite pleural effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax identified. no acute bony abnormality. limited examination with stable cardiomegaly and low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6316] stable cardiomegaly with significantly low lung volumes and associated bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. no definite pleural effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax identified. no acute bony abnormality. limited examination with stable cardiomegaly and low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6317] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-6318] the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen on chest. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-6319] the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen on chest. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-6320] the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen on chest. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-6321] the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen on chest. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-6322] no findings. anterior segment right lower lobe pneumonia. no effusion. heart size is normal. lungs otherwise clear
[Record ID: OpenI-6323] no findings. anterior segment right lower lobe pneumonia. no effusion. heart size is normal. lungs otherwise clear
[Record ID: OpenI-6324] no unusual findings. heart size normal and lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-6325] no unusual findings. heart size normal and lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-6326] the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes. there is no focal consolidation. there is pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. there is prominent right anterior first rib end. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6327] the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes. there is no focal consolidation. there is pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. there is prominent right anterior first rib end. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6328] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. aorta is tortuous. right chest tip is visualized at the proximal right atrium. the lungs are grossly clear. no pneumothorax is seen. there are deformities of the left lateral 7th and 8th ribs possibly healing or old fractures. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6329] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. aorta is tortuous. right chest tip is visualized at the proximal right atrium. the lungs are grossly clear. no pneumothorax is seen. there are deformities of the left lateral 7th and 8th ribs possibly healing or old fractures. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6330] the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal consolidation or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6331] the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal consolidation or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6332] the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of hemidiaphragms and increased retrosternal airspace. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. emphysema and atherosclerosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6333] the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of hemidiaphragms and increased retrosternal airspace. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. emphysema and atherosclerosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6334] clear lungs. normal heart mediastinum. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. nipple ring on left. normal chest exam
[Record ID: OpenI-6335] no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6336] no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6337] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6338] cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6339] no findings. heart size is top normal. tortuous aorta. no edema. patchy left upper right basilar atelectasis. no pneumothorax. right hilar surgical clips
[Record ID: OpenI-6340] no findings. heart size is top normal. tortuous aorta. no edema. patchy left upper right basilar atelectasis. no pneumothorax. right hilar surgical clips
[Record ID: OpenI-6341] heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcification within the aorta. calcified granulomas in bilateral and overlying the t9 vertebral bodylateral view. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes of thoracic spine. no acute osseous abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6342] heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcification within the aorta. calcified granulomas in bilateral and overlying the t9 vertebral bodylateral view. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes of thoracic spine. no acute osseous abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6343] no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine. heart size normal limits. cholecystectomy clips. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6344] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is again biapical scarring. small stable calcified left lower lobe granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6345] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is again biapical scarring. small stable calcified left lower lobe granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6346] the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there are calcified granulomas in the left lower lobe. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6347] the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there are calcified granulomas in the left lower lobe. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6348] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6349] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6350] heart size is within normal limits. 8mm calcified granuloma in the right base. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6351] heart size is within normal limits. 8mm calcified granuloma in the right base. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6352] no findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. stable degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine. clips overlie the right medial hilum
[Record ID: OpenI-6353] no findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. stable degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine. clips overlie the right medial hilum
[Record ID: OpenI-6354] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6355] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6356] cardiomegaly is present. the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. some scattered opacities are present whose appearance scarring or atelectasis. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion is noted. no pneumothorax is identified. the left hemidiaphragm is elevated. scoliosis is present involving the lumbar spine. there has been previous surgical resection of the left 6th rib. cardiomegaly without overt heart failure. continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. scattered of left base scarringatelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-6357] cardiomegaly is present. the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. some scattered opacities are present whose appearance scarring or atelectasis. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion is noted. no pneumothorax is identified. the left hemidiaphragm is elevated. scoliosis is present involving the lumbar spine. there has been previous surgical resection of the left 6th rib. cardiomegaly without overt heart failure. continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. scattered of left base scarringatelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-6358] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6359] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6360] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6361] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6362] lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes within the spine. there are expansile changes within the right clavicle which were seen on the previous ct. findings are consistent with changes of multiple myeloma. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-6363] lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes within the spine. there are expansile changes within the right clavicle which were seen on the previous ct. findings are consistent with changes of multiple myeloma. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-6364] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are hyperexpanded. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. exaggerated kyphosis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6365] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are hyperexpanded. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. exaggerated kyphosis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6366] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-6367] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-6368] the aortic is mildly tortuous. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are tspine osteophytes. large body habitus. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6369] the aortic is mildly tortuous. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are tspine osteophytes. large body habitus. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6370] normal heart size. no focal air space consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6371] normal heart size. no focal air space consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6372] lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6373] lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6374] the lungs are clear. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs suggesting underlying emphysema. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6375] the lungs are clear. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs suggesting underlying emphysema. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6376] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6377] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6378] normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6379] normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6380] there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. the cardiomediastinal contours is grossly normal in size and contour. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6381] there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. the cardiomediastinal contours is grossly normal in size and contour. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6382] heart size is normal. mild atelectasis. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. bibasilar atelectasis. otherwise, no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6383] heart size is normal. mild atelectasis. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. bibasilar atelectasis. otherwise, no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6384] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. normal chest film
[Record ID: OpenI-6385] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. normal chest film
[Record ID: OpenI-6386] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. vascular calcification is noted. no adenopathy is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6387] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. vascular calcification is noted. no adenopathy is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6388] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. right suprahilar calcified lymph. right lung base calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mildly hyperexpanded lungs. negative for acute bone abnormality. prior granulomatous disease. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6389] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. right suprahilar calcified lymph. right lung base calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mildly hyperexpanded lungs. negative for acute bone abnormality. prior granulomatous disease. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6390] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6391] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6392] 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6393] 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6394] normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. elevated left hemidiaphragm with scarring at the left costophrenic. there is a bullet fragment overlying the left t7 vertebra. retained bullet fragments noted within the left upper and lower lobes. no focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. posttraumatic changes compatible with prior gunshot wound
[Record ID: OpenI-6395] normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. elevated left hemidiaphragm with scarring at the left costophrenic. there is a bullet fragment overlying the left t7 vertebra. retained bullet fragments noted within the left upper and lower lobes. no focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. posttraumatic changes compatible with prior gunshot wound
[Record ID: OpenI-6396] normal heart size. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6397] normal heart size. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6398] the heart size is normal. there is normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. lungs are clear bilaterally. thoracic spine shows anterior osteophyte formation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6399] the heart size is normal. there is normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. lungs are clear bilaterally. thoracic spine shows anterior osteophyte formation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6400] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6401] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6402] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6403] heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6404] no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6405] no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6406] no findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. right lower lobe calcified granuloma. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-6407] no findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. right lower lobe calcified granuloma. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-6408] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6409] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6410] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6411] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6412] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. there is a right middle lobe nodule which is denser than adjacent is most calcified. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. degenerative endplate changes of the spine. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6413] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. there is a right middle lobe nodule which is denser than adjacent is most calcified. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. degenerative endplate changes of the spine. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6414] the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. stable, mild prominence of the bilateral hilar regions. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. stable opacity in the left, representing a scar. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute, displaced rib fractures. no acute intrathoracic abnormality. stable, mild prominence of the bilateral hilar regions, possibly consistent with enlarged pulmonary arteriespulmonary hypertension. please correlate clinically
[Record ID: OpenI-6415] the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. stable, mild prominence of the bilateral hilar regions. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. stable opacity in the left, representing a scar. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute, displaced rib fractures. no acute intrathoracic abnormality. stable, mild prominence of the bilateral hilar regions, possibly consistent with enlarged pulmonary arteriespulmonary hypertension. please correlate clinically
[Record ID: OpenI-6416] lungs remain clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6417] lungs remain clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6418] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6419] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6420] clear lungs. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6421] clear lungs. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6422] the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6423] the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6424] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. right basilar calcified granuloma noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6425] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. right basilar calcified granuloma noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6426] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. both clavicles appear within normal limits on this limited radiographic evaluation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6427] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. both clavicles appear within normal limits on this limited radiographic evaluation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6428] the heart size is within normal limits. prominent right paratracheal soft tissues representing adenopathy. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. clear lungs. prominent right paratracheal opacities representing adenopathy
[Record ID: OpenI-6429] the heart size is within normal limits. prominent right paratracheal soft tissues representing adenopathy. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. clear lungs. prominent right paratracheal opacities representing adenopathy
[Record ID: OpenI-6430] cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. and soft tissue are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6431] cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. and soft tissue are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6432] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there are two subcentimeter hyperdense nodular opacities are noted within the right lung. these may represent on end or alternatively, calcified granulomas. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6433] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there are two subcentimeter hyperdense nodular opacities are noted within the right lung. these may represent on end or alternatively, calcified granulomas. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6434] no findings. borderline cardiomegaly, mild aortic ectasiatortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-6435] no findings. borderline cardiomegaly, mild aortic ectasiatortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-6436] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6437] stable mild rightward curvature of the thoracic spine. heart size is normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6438] stable mild rightward curvature of the thoracic spine. heart size is normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6439] cardiac silhouette within normal limits. central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no edema or focal consolidation in the lungs. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6440] cardiac silhouette within normal limits. central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no edema or focal consolidation in the lungs. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6441] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without focal consolidation or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no layering pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen on decubitus exam. chest, lateral, and decubitus. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no evidence of pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-6442] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without focal consolidation or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no layering pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen on decubitus exam. chest, lateral, and decubitus. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no evidence of pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-6443] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6444] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6445] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6446] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6447] left noted with tip approximating the high svc, stable. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal limits. degenerative changes thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6448] left noted with tip approximating the high svc, stable. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal limits. degenerative changes thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6449] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6450] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6451] the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6452] the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6453] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6454] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6455] no findings. hiatal hernia as before. scattered right upper lung scarring as before. overall, wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6456] no findings. hiatal hernia as before. scattered right upper lung scarring as before. overall, wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6457] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6458] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6459] no unusual findings. heart size normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are stable and within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-6460] no unusual findings. heart size normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are stable and within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-6461] bilateral emphysematous again noted and lower lobe fibrotic changes. postsurgical changes of the chest including cabg procedure, stable. stable valve artifact. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no large pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes noted of the visualized thoracic spine. nodular right lower lobe opacity, nipple. contour abnormality of the posterior aspect of the right 7th rib again noted, stable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable bilateral emphysematous and lower lobe fibrotic changes
[Record ID: OpenI-6462] bilateral emphysematous again noted and lower lobe fibrotic changes. postsurgical changes of the chest including cabg procedure, stable. stable valve artifact. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no large pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes noted of the visualized thoracic spine. nodular right lower lobe opacity, nipple. contour abnormality of the posterior aspect of the right 7th rib again noted, stable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable bilateral emphysematous and lower lobe fibrotic changes
[Record ID: OpenI-6463] pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6464] pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6465] redemonstration of interstitial opacities, consistent with patients history of pulmonary fibrosis. unchanged calcified granulomas at the left greater than right hilum, and in the pretracheal region. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is the upper limits of normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. intact. interstitial markings bilaterally, pulmonary fibrosis, unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-6466] redemonstration of interstitial opacities, consistent with patients history of pulmonary fibrosis. unchanged calcified granulomas at the left greater than right hilum, and in the pretracheal region. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is the upper limits of normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. intact. interstitial markings bilaterally, pulmonary fibrosis, unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-6467] no unusual findings. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia or active tuberculous infection. normal heart size and mediastinal silhouette. no edema. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-6468] no unusual findings. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia or active tuberculous infection. normal heart size and mediastinal silhouette. no edema. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-6469] this radiograph was available for my interpretation at hours. there are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6470] this radiograph was available for my interpretation at hours. there are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6471] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are hypoinflated. there are streaky opacities predominantly in the left lung base possibly related to scarring and atelectasis. blines are also noted. definite infiltrate is not excluded. there is no large effusion. low lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity, subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. infiltrate is less but not entirely excluded. mild central vascular congestion and bronchovascular crowding
[Record ID: OpenI-6472] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are hypoinflated. there are streaky opacities predominantly in the left lung base possibly related to scarring and atelectasis. blines are also noted. definite infiltrate is not excluded. there is no large effusion. low lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity, subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. infiltrate is less but not entirely excluded. mild central vascular congestion and bronchovascular crowding
[Record ID: OpenI-6473] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6474] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6475] no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6476] no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6477] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative
[Record ID: OpenI-6478] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative
[Record ID: OpenI-6479] heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6480] heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6481] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. stable paratracheal soft tissue density dating back to exams in, confluence of vascular shadows. lungs are hyperexpanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6482] cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6483] and lateral chest examination was obtained. there is enlarged heart silhouette. decreased lung volumes. lungs demonstrate bibasilar airspace opacities better visualized on lateral view. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the bilateral. decreased lung volumes. bibasilar airspace opacities seen on lateral be atelectasis or possibly pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-6484] and lateral chest examination was obtained. there is enlarged heart silhouette. decreased lung volumes. lungs demonstrate bibasilar airspace opacities better visualized on lateral view. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the bilateral. decreased lung volumes. bibasilar airspace opacities seen on lateral be atelectasis or possibly pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-6485] pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. the thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. pulmonary are within normal limits. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6486] pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. the thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. pulmonary are within normal limits. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6487] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6488] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6489] the heart is normal in size. the aorta is tortuous and ectatic. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6490] the heart is normal in size. the aorta is tortuous and ectatic. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6491] rotated apical lordotic frontal projection, mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings. no definite focal alveolar consolidation or pleural effusion seen. accounting for technical factors heart size within normal limits, heavily calcified and mildly tortuous aorta. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. limited quality exam shows no definite acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6492] rotated apical lordotic frontal projection, mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings. no definite focal alveolar consolidation or pleural effusion seen. accounting for technical factors heart size within normal limits, heavily calcified and mildly tortuous aorta. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. limited quality exam shows no definite acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6493] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6494] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6495] heart size normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. lungs are clear. soft tissues and are unremarkable. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6496] heart size normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. lungs are clear. soft tissues and are unremarkable. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6497] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal air space disease. prominent hilar. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6498] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal air space disease. prominent hilar. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6499] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6500] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6501] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6502] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6503] lungs are clear. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. visualized osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6504] lungs are clear. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. visualized osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6505] there are diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities consistent with chronic obstructive lung disease and bullous emphysema. there are irregular opacities in the left lung apex, that could represent a cavitary lesion in the left lung apex.there are streaky opacities in the right upper lobe, scarring. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bullous emphysema and interstitial fibrosis. probably scarring in the left apex, although difficult to exclude a cavitary lesion. opacities in the bilateral upper lobes could represent scarring, however the absence of comparison exam, recommend short interval followup radiograph or ct thorax to document resolution
[Record ID: OpenI-6506] there are diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities consistent with chronic obstructive lung disease and bullous emphysema. there are irregular opacities in the left lung apex, that could represent a cavitary lesion in the left lung apex.there are streaky opacities in the right upper lobe, scarring. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bullous emphysema and interstitial fibrosis. probably scarring in the left apex, although difficult to exclude a cavitary lesion. opacities in the bilateral upper lobes could represent scarring, however the absence of comparison exam, recommend short interval followup radiograph or ct thorax to document resolution
[Record ID: OpenI-6507] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6508] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6509] apparent cardiomegaly at partially accentuated by low lung volumes. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. right base calcified granuloma. stable right infrahilar nodular density lateral view. negative for acute bone abnormality. borderline cardiomegaly without heart failure
[Record ID: OpenI-6510] apparent cardiomegaly at partially accentuated by low lung volumes. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. right base calcified granuloma. stable right infrahilar nodular density lateral view. negative for acute bone abnormality. borderline cardiomegaly without heart failure
[Record ID: OpenI-6511] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right picc line is in. the tip has moved into the left innominate vein. there has been interval development of several illdefined focal opacities in the left and right mid lung zones. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. malpositioned right picc line tip. now located in left innominate vein. illdefined focal opacities. these may represent small areas of pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-6512] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right picc line is in. the tip has moved into the left innominate vein. there has been interval development of several illdefined focal opacities in the left and right mid lung zones. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. malpositioned right picc line tip. now located in left innominate vein. illdefined focal opacities. these may represent small areas of pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-6513] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6514] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6515] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. right chest tip in the low svc. right granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6516] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. right chest tip in the low svc. right granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6517] and lateral chest examination was obtained. there is improvement in bilateral pulmonary edema with mild residual. there is minimal rightsided pleural effusion. heart silhouette is not enlarged. there is calcified mediastinal lymph. there is no pneumothorax. improving bilateral interstitial edema pattern. small rightsided pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-6518] and lateral chest examination was obtained. there is improvement in bilateral pulmonary edema with mild residual. there is minimal rightsided pleural effusion. heart silhouette is not enlarged. there is calcified mediastinal lymph. there is no pneumothorax. improving bilateral interstitial edema pattern. small rightsided pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-6519] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild pectus excavatum deformity is noted. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6520] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild pectus excavatum deformity is noted. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6521] there is a moderate sized right pleural effusion. severe slightly smaller than is compared to. there is a small left pleural effusion. this is unchanged as compared to the prior study. there is a right chest wall venous which appears accessed. no pneumothorax. scaphoid abdomen. moderate sized right pleural effusion appears smaller than the prior study. small left pleural effusion appears unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-6522] there is a moderate sized right pleural effusion. severe slightly smaller than is compared to. there is a small left pleural effusion. this is unchanged as compared to the prior study. there is a right chest wall venous which appears accessed. no pneumothorax. scaphoid abdomen. moderate sized right pleural effusion appears smaller than the prior study. small left pleural effusion appears unchanged
[Record ID: OpenI-6523] no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6524] no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6525] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6526] normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. there are changes of chronic lung disease noticed by hyperinflated lungs and streaky opacities compatible with scar. interval placement of the chest with the tip in the superior. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion is identified. chronic changes with no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6527] normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. there are changes of chronic lung disease noticed by hyperinflated lungs and streaky opacities compatible with scar. interval placement of the chest with the tip in the superior. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion is identified. chronic changes with no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6528] the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. no acute infiltrate is seen. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6529] the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. no acute infiltrate is seen. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6530] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6531] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6532] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-6533] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6534] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6535] no findings. the cardiac contours are normal. prominent hilar contours. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6536] no findings. the cardiac contours are normal. prominent hilar contours. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6537] no findings. the cardiac contours are normal. prominent hilar contours. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6538] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal. unremarkable radiographs of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6539] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal. unremarkable radiographs of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6540] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is a vague area of airspace disease identified within the right midlung on the pa view. this is not welldemonstrated on the lateral view. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. vague area of focal airspace disease within the right midlung. there is raises concern for pneumonia. recommend followup after appropriate treatment to document complete resolution
[Record ID: OpenI-6541] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is a vague area of airspace disease identified within the right midlung on the pa view. this is not welldemonstrated on the lateral view. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. vague area of focal airspace disease within the right midlung. there is raises concern for pneumonia. recommend followup after appropriate treatment to document complete resolution
[Record ID: OpenI-6542] heart size is normal. there are densely calcified mediastinal and right hilar lymph which suggest prior histoplasmosis exposure. no consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6543] heart size is normal. there are densely calcified mediastinal and right hilar lymph which suggest prior histoplasmosis exposure. no consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6544] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. low lung volumes on the ap view with bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6545] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. low lung volumes on the ap view with bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6546] there is a large calcified granuloma in the right apex. mild patchy opacities are seen in the upper lung zones bilaterally similar to prior studies. the heart and mediastinum are normal. scoliosis and arthritic changes of the spine are present. persistent and biapical opacities. no acute pulmonary disease identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6547] there is a large calcified granuloma in the right apex. mild patchy opacities are seen in the upper lung zones bilaterally similar to prior studies. the heart and mediastinum are normal. scoliosis and arthritic changes of the spine are present. persistent and biapical opacities. no acute pulmonary disease identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6548] prominent interstitial markings. there are small bilateral pleural effusions. no pneumothorax or focal consolidation. normal heart size. catheter tubing present in the upper midabdomen. there is bilateral acromioclavicular degenerative joint disease, right greater than left. small bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-6549] prominent interstitial markings. there are small bilateral pleural effusions. no pneumothorax or focal consolidation. normal heart size. catheter tubing present in the upper midabdomen. there is bilateral acromioclavicular degenerative joint disease, right greater than left. small bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-6550] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace opacities. no pneumothorax. no effusions. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no deformities. emphysematous changes. chronic lung disease, with no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6551] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace opacities. no pneumothorax. no effusions. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no deformities. emphysematous changes. chronic lung disease, with no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6552] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6553] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6554] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6555] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6556] 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6557] 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6558] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6559] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6560] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6561] the lungs are hyperexpanded. there are opacities in the lingula, subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are degenerative changes of the spine. no focal airspace consolidation. hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of emphysema. lingular subsegmental atelectasis or scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-6562] the lungs are hyperexpanded. there are opacities in the lingula, subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are degenerative changes of the spine. no focal airspace consolidation. hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of emphysema. lingular subsegmental atelectasis or scarring
[Record ID: OpenI-6563] 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6564] sternotomy sutures and bypass grafts have been placed in the interval. both lungs remain clear and expanded with no infiltrates. pulmonary are normal. post operative chest with no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6565] sternotomy sutures and bypass grafts have been placed in the interval. both lungs remain clear and expanded with no infiltrates. pulmonary are normal. post operative chest with no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6566] right thorax volume loss with some degree of lefttoright mediastinal shift. relative hyperlucency of left lung, compensatory hyperinflation. diminutive right hilar silhouette, compatible with absence of right pulmonary artery, as noted on prior ct. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6567] right thorax volume loss with some degree of lefttoright mediastinal shift. relative hyperlucency of left lung, compensatory hyperinflation. diminutive right hilar silhouette, compatible with absence of right pulmonary artery, as noted on prior ct. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6568] low lung volumes bilaterally with bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. there is blunting of the bilateral costophrenic sulci. cardiac device overlies left chest, leads intact, tips overlying right atrium and right ventricle. no pneumothorax. cardiomegaly. degenerative changes of the spine. cardiomegaly with bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left
[Record ID: OpenI-6569] low lung volumes bilaterally with bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. there is blunting of the bilateral costophrenic sulci. cardiac device overlies left chest, leads intact, tips overlying right atrium and right ventricle. no pneumothorax. cardiomegaly. degenerative changes of the spine. cardiomegaly with bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left
[Record ID: OpenI-6570] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6571] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6572] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6573] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6574] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. there are severe arthritic changes of the with mild arthritic changes of the thoracic spine. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6575] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. there are severe arthritic changes of the with mild arthritic changes of the thoracic spine. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6576] lungs are hyperinflated but clear. no focal infiltrate or effusion. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. calcified mediastinal identified. hyperinflated but clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-6577] lungs are hyperinflated but clear. no focal infiltrate or effusion. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. calcified mediastinal identified. hyperinflated but clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-6578] no unusual findings. stable heart size, mediastinal silhouette. no overt edema. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-6579] no unusual findings. stable heart size, mediastinal silhouette. no overt edema. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-6580] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardiomegaly is noted and is stable compared to prior examination from. stable right basilar calcified granuloma. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6581] there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6582] there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6583] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there are a few opacities in the lung bases bilaterally. no definitive pneumothorax or pleural effusion. displaced fracture of the mid onethird of the right clavicle. previously identified small right pneumothorax is not visualized on todays exam. minimal bibasilar atelectasisairspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6584] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there are a few opacities in the lung bases bilaterally. no definitive pneumothorax or pleural effusion. displaced fracture of the mid onethird of the right clavicle. previously identified small right pneumothorax is not visualized on todays exam. minimal bibasilar atelectasisairspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6585] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there are a few opacities in the lung bases bilaterally. no definitive pneumothorax or pleural effusion. displaced fracture of the mid onethird of the right clavicle. previously identified small right pneumothorax is not visualized on todays exam. minimal bibasilar atelectasisairspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6586] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no displaced rib fractures identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6587] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no displaced rib fractures identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6588] crowded bronchovascular markings in the hilar and perihilar region, right lower lung zones. low lung volumes. no noncalcified pulmonary nodules seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no small heart size. there is a right diaphragmatic hump. the soft tissues seen in the left cardiophrenic, could represent an ectatic descending aorta or hiatal hernia. visualized of the chest are within normal limits. degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6589] crowded bronchovascular markings in the hilar and perihilar region, right lower lung zones. low lung volumes. no noncalcified pulmonary nodules seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no small heart size. there is a right diaphragmatic hump. the soft tissues seen in the left cardiophrenic, could represent an ectatic descending aorta or hiatal hernia. visualized of the chest are within normal limits. degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6590] no unusual findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no effusions, pneumonia, or edema
[Record ID: OpenI-6591] no unusual findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no effusions, pneumonia, or edema
[Record ID: OpenI-6592] normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. interval removal of leftsided intravenous catheter. no pneumothorax. opacities obscuring the hemidiaphragms, slightly improved from prior exam.. rightsided rib fractures again noted. mildly improved opacities, which may represent atelectasis, infiltrate andor pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-6593] normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. interval removal of leftsided intravenous catheter. no pneumothorax. opacities obscuring the hemidiaphragms, slightly improved from prior exam.. rightsided rib fractures again noted. mildly improved opacities, which may represent atelectasis, infiltrate andor pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-6594] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. right lung base granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6595] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. right lung base granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6596] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6597] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6598] no findings. the 3 remain intact, and the prosthetic pulmonic valve is unchanged in position. a fourth remains disrupted. there is persistent mild to moderate cardiomegaly. the lungs appear clear
[Record ID: OpenI-6599] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. surgical is noted in the right upper quadrant. subcutaneous emphysema seen along the neck bilaterally, right lateral upper abdomen, and left chest. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. subcutaneous emphysema of the neck, left lateral chest, and right lateral abdominal soft tissues noted
[Record ID: OpenI-6600] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. surgical is noted in the right upper quadrant. subcutaneous emphysema seen along the neck bilaterally, right lateral upper abdomen, and left chest. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. subcutaneous emphysema of the neck, left lateral chest, and right lateral abdominal soft tissues noted
[Record ID: OpenI-6601] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. no significant hilar process to suggest adenopathy. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6602] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. stable calcified granuloma in the left midlung. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6603] the heart size of the limits of normal. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there is a calcified granuloma right midlung and posterior costophrenic sulcus. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6604] the heart size of the limits of normal. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there is a calcified granuloma right midlung and posterior costophrenic sulcus. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6605] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma in the left midlung. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6606] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma in the left midlung. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6607] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are wellinflated and grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there is a a terminating in the superior. there are surgical clips in the left breast and axilla. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6608] consolidation and some atelectasis are present in the left lower lobe. patchy interstitial infiltrates are also present in the right lower lobe. bilateral costophrenic blunting is present. heart and pulmonary are normal. bibasilar airspace disease, left worse right. bilateral pleural fluid
[Record ID: OpenI-6609] normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6610] normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6611] there is a approximately 4 cm opacity with one margin and the other illdefined in the lateral lower left lung is seen on the pa view. this is not definitely seen on the lateral view. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there are tspine osteophytes. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are calcified hilar lymph there. approximately 8 cm mass in the left lower hemithorax. this is favored to be arising from the chest wall and be pleural based. a ct of the chest is recommended for further evaluation. critical result notification documented through primordial
[Record ID: OpenI-6612] there is a approximately 4 cm opacity with one margin and the other illdefined in the lateral lower left lung is seen on the pa view. this is not definitely seen on the lateral view. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there are tspine osteophytes. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are calcified hilar lymph there. approximately 8 cm mass in the left lower hemithorax. this is favored to be arising from the chest wall and be pleural based. a ct of the chest is recommended for further evaluation. critical result notification documented through primordial
[Record ID: OpenI-6613] no unusual findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6614] no unusual findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6615] heart size is normal. mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. clear lungs, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6616] heart size is normal. mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. clear lungs, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6617] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. note is of an closure device which appears grossly appropriate the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6618] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. note is of an closure device which appears grossly appropriate the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6619] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is patchy opacity in the left upper lobe. possibility of tuberculosis should be excluded. no pleural effusion is seen. there is no pneumothorax the lungs are hyperinflated. left upper lobe infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-6620] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is patchy opacity in the left upper lobe. possibility of tuberculosis should be excluded. no pleural effusion is seen. there is no pneumothorax the lungs are hyperinflated. left upper lobe infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-6621] chest the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. left knee there is no fracturedislocation. there are degenerative changes with medial compartment osteophytes. there is no suprapatellar effusion. there is a. chest no acute cardiopulmonary finding. left knee minimal degenerative changes, however no acute bony abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6622] chest the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. left knee there is no fracturedislocation. there are degenerative changes with medial compartment osteophytes. there is no suprapatellar effusion. there is a. chest no acute cardiopulmonary finding. left knee minimal degenerative changes, however no acute bony abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6623] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. multiple punctate round over the abdomen on the lateral view. these may reside within, or outside of the patient. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6624] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. multiple punctate round over the abdomen on the lateral view. these may reside within, or outside of the patient. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6625] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. visualized bony structures are normal. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6626] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. visualized bony structures are normal. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6627] heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. no focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fractures are seen. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6628] heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. no focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fractures are seen. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6629] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. there is mild scoliosis of the spine. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6630] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. there is mild scoliosis of the spine. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6631] rightsided chest tube tip now projects outside the thoracic cavity. no definite residual pneumothorax. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are low lung volumes. no large pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. small amount of subdiaphragmatic free air. rightsided chest tube tip projects outside the thoracic cavity. no residual pneumothorax. small residual pneumoperitoneum consistent with known colonic perforation
[Record ID: OpenI-6632] rightsided chest tube tip now projects outside the thoracic cavity. no definite residual pneumothorax. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are low lung volumes. no large pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. small amount of subdiaphragmatic free air. rightsided chest tube tip projects outside the thoracic cavity. no residual pneumothorax. small residual pneumoperitoneum consistent with known colonic perforation
[Record ID: OpenI-6633] the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prominent pericardial fat is again noted. there is a stable granuloma overlying a lower thoracic vertebral body. the are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6634] the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prominent pericardial fat is again noted. there is a stable granuloma overlying a lower thoracic vertebral body. the are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6635] the heart is normal size with normal appearance the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact with degenerative changes in thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-6636] the heart is normal size with normal appearance the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact with degenerative changes in thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-6637] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. tortuous aorta with atherosclerotic calcification. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are wellaerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. there are multiple overlying leads at the level of the left lower chest, with overlying or clothing there is this is thought to account for mild increased density the left lung base on ap view, with correlate on lateral view. degenerative spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6638] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. tortuous aorta with atherosclerotic calcification. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are wellaerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. there are multiple overlying leads at the level of the left lower chest, with overlying or clothing there is this is thought to account for mild increased density the left lung base on ap view, with correlate on lateral view. degenerative spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6639] heart size is normal. there are opacities which appear to above the right fissure. there is mild thickening in the fissure. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. opacities in the right upper lobe anterior segment which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-6640] heart size is normal. there are opacities which appear to above the right fissure. there is mild thickening in the fissure. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. opacities in the right upper lobe anterior segment which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-6641] heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there are extensive vascular calcifications. there is a left midlung calcified granuloma. cardiomegaly without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6642] heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there are extensive vascular calcifications. there is a left midlung calcified granuloma. cardiomegaly without acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6643] 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6644] 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6645] heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6646] heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6647] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6648] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6649] the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6650] the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6651] aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. large hiatal hernia. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no focal opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in size and appearance. no acute pulmonary process. large hiatal hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-6652] aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. large hiatal hernia. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no focal opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in size and appearance. no acute pulmonary process. large hiatal hernia
[Record ID: OpenI-6653] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. findings suggestive of emphysema. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6654] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. findings suggestive of emphysema. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6655] cardiomediastinal contours within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are scattered calcified testes bilaterally, consistent with prior granulomatous infection, stable. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. bony structures unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. prior granulomatous infection
[Record ID: OpenI-6656] cardiomediastinal contours within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are scattered calcified testes bilaterally, consistent with prior granulomatous infection, stable. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. bony structures unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. prior granulomatous infection
[Record ID: OpenI-6657] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence of active or changes from chronic tuberculosis infection
[Record ID: OpenI-6658] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence of active or changes from chronic tuberculosis infection
[Record ID: OpenI-6659] hyperaerated lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms. normal heart size. increased retrosternal airspace. no focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6660] hyperaerated lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms. normal heart size. increased retrosternal airspace. no focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6661] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6662] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6663] low lung volumes. question patchy opacity left base. no pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. small right effusion. patchy opacity left base, may represent evolving infiltrate. small right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-6664] low lung volumes. question patchy opacity left base. no pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. small right effusion. patchy opacity left base, may represent evolving infiltrate. small right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-6665] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6666] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6667] no findings. calcific density measuring approximately 25 mm projecting over right upper lung, seen well on pa view only. this may represent residua of a healed rib fracture, possibly an osteocartilaginous lesion, or conceivably a granuloma which is difficult to see on the lateral view. this could be followed up in 6 months to confirm stability. azygos fissure incidentally noted. lungs overall well expanded and clear. mediastinal contour in normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6668] no findings. calcific density measuring approximately 25 mm projecting over right upper lung, seen well on pa view only. this may represent residua of a healed rib fracture, possibly an osteocartilaginous lesion, or conceivably a granuloma which is difficult to see on the lateral view. this could be followed up in 6 months to confirm stability. azygos fissure incidentally noted. lungs overall well expanded and clear. mediastinal contour in normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6669] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. heart size within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. bony structures appear intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. no fractures identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6670] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. heart size within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. bony structures appear intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. no fractures identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6671] lungs appear to be clear other than a calcified granuloma on left. heart is not enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. there is increased kyphosis of the thoracic spine and there are multiple deformities. a stimulator is seen. no acute pulmonary disease. multiple thoracic deformities due to osteoporosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6672] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma is present in the right base. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. in the lateral right base is identified an illdefined somewhat oblong opacity. this was not present on the previous study. the remainder of the lungs appear clear. illdefined oblong opacity in the lateral right base. this may represent pleural based process. the exact is unclear. followup exam is suggested to confirm clearing or stability
[Record ID: OpenI-6673] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma is present in the right base. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. in the lateral right base is identified an illdefined somewhat oblong opacity. this was not present on the previous study. the remainder of the lungs appear clear. illdefined oblong opacity in the lateral right base. this may represent pleural based process. the exact is unclear. followup exam is suggested to confirm clearing or stability
[Record ID: OpenI-6674] cardiomegaly. prominent are stable. low lung volumes. no pneumothorax. minimal right costophrenic blunting. no focal infiltrates. cardiomegaly with right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-6675] cardiomegaly. prominent are stable. low lung volumes. no pneumothorax. minimal right costophrenic blunting. no focal infiltrates. cardiomegaly with right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-6676] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. minimal thoracic spondylosis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6677] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. minimal thoracic spondylosis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6678] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6679] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6680] no findings. prominent hiatal hernia. left basilar opacity compatible pleural effusion and atelectasis. right pleural effusion. no pulmonary edema overt chf identified. stable senescent mediastinal contour
[Record ID: OpenI-6681] no findings. prominent hiatal hernia. left basilar opacity compatible pleural effusion and atelectasis. right pleural effusion. no pulmonary edema overt chf identified. stable senescent mediastinal contour
[Record ID: OpenI-6682] lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart and mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. bony thorax intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6683] lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart and mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. bony thorax intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6684] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6685] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6686] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-6687] exam limited by patient rotation. mild rightward deviation of the trachea. stable cardiomegaly. unfolding of the thoracic aorta. persistent right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. there is severe degenerative changes of the right shoulder. right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. no definite findings of pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-6688] exam limited by patient rotation. mild rightward deviation of the trachea. stable cardiomegaly. unfolding of the thoracic aorta. persistent right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. there is severe degenerative changes of the right shoulder. right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. no definite findings of pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-6689] the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6690] the heart is not enlarged. the central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. small right juxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate. lungs are otherwise well aerated. small right juxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate in the setting of. followup chest is recommended at an appropriate interval following treatment to document
[Record ID: OpenI-6691] the heart is not enlarged. the central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. small right juxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate. lungs are otherwise well aerated. small right juxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate in the setting of. followup chest is recommended at an appropriate interval following treatment to document
[Record ID: OpenI-6692] heart size is normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-6693] heart size is normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-6694] no findings. clear lungs. enlarged left ventricle. a tortuous dilated aorta. no pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-6695] no findings. clear lungs. enlarged left ventricle. a tortuous dilated aorta. no pneumonia
[Record ID: OpenI-6696] there is a rightsided chest identified whose distal tip projects over the svc. heart size is normal. low lung volumes with elevated right hemidiaphragm. the lungs are grossly clear. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal pulmonary vascularity. normal mediastinal and hilar contours. degenerative changes of the spine. low lung volumes. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6697] changes post bilateral thoracotomy and sternotomy. intact. stable position of the epicardial. mild cardiomegaly. the lungs are clear. bilateral small pleural effusions. stable postop changes with mild cardiomegaly. small bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-6698] changes post bilateral thoracotomy and sternotomy. intact. stable position of the epicardial. mild cardiomegaly. the lungs are clear. bilateral small pleural effusions. stable postop changes with mild cardiomegaly. small bilateral pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-6699] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6700] the left lung is grossly clear. the right lung demonstrates a large right pleural effusion with associated atelectatic collapse of the right middle lobe and partial collapse of the right lower lobe. opacities are seen within the aerated right lung, subsegmental atelectasis. no focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. no acute osseous abnormality. cardio mediastinal silhouette is stable compared to prior examinations. large right pleural effusion with associated passive atelectasis of the right middle and lower lobes. grossly clear left lung
[Record ID: OpenI-6701] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6702] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6703] pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. minimal scarring or atelectasis left lung base. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6704] pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. minimal scarring or atelectasis left lung base. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6705] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6706] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6707] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6708] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6709] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are wellaerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. there is no obvious displaced rib fracture. if there is concern for fracture consider rib series. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6710] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-6711] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs clear
[Record ID: OpenI-6712] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6713] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6714] persistent cardiomegaly. no abnormal airspace consolidation. resolved interstitial edema. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable cardiomegaly without acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6715] persistent cardiomegaly. no abnormal airspace consolidation. resolved interstitial edema. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable cardiomegaly without acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6716] hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. no pneumothorax. hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory
[Record ID: OpenI-6717] hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. no pneumothorax. hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory
[Record ID: OpenI-6718] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. minimal platelike atelectasis left base
[Record ID: OpenI-6719] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. minimal platelike atelectasis left base
[Record ID: OpenI-6720] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6721] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6722] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no abnormal airspace opacities or large cavitary lung lesions. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6723] normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no abnormal airspace opacities or large cavitary lung lesions. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6724] calcified left hilar lymph node. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6725] calcified left hilar lymph node. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6726] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6727] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6728] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6729] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6730] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6731] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6732] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6733] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6734] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6735] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6736] heart size is within normal limits. mild prominence of the mediastinum. bibasilar predominantly interstitial pulmonary opacities. no visualized pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild bibasilar airspace disease, probably atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-6737] heart size is within normal limits. mild prominence of the mediastinum. bibasilar predominantly interstitial pulmonary opacities. no visualized pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild bibasilar airspace disease, probably atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-6738] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6739] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6740] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6741] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6742] no findings. borderline heart size. elevated left diaphragm. clear right lung. tracheostomy tube tip above the carina. extensive airspace disease in the left base. no large effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-6743] no findings. borderline heart size. elevated left diaphragm. clear right lung. tracheostomy tube tip above the carina. extensive airspace disease in the left base. no large effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-6744] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. acromioclavicular joint degenerative change. there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6745] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. acromioclavicular joint degenerative change. there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6746] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. apical irregularities also present on the previous exam suggestive of scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6747] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. apical irregularities also present on the previous exam suggestive of scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6748] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative
[Record ID: OpenI-6749] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative
[Record ID: OpenI-6750] no findings. vague 5 cm nodule left mid chest periphery overlying the posterior lateral left 7th rib. further evaluation will require a chest ct. remainder of the lungs are clear. there is no effusion or adenopathy. heart size is normal
[Record ID: OpenI-6751] no findings. vague 5 cm nodule left mid chest periphery overlying the posterior lateral left 7th rib. further evaluation will require a chest ct. remainder of the lungs are clear. there is no effusion or adenopathy. heart size is normal
[Record ID: OpenI-6752] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. large hiatal hernia is present. osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine. vascular calcification is noted. degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder. large hiatal hernia. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-6753] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. large hiatal hernia is present. osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine. vascular calcification is noted. degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder. large hiatal hernia. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-6754] no findings. heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. densities in the lingula may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis, scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-6755] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. old fusion of approximately t9t10
[Record ID: OpenI-6756] no findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. old fusion of approximately t9t10
[Record ID: OpenI-6757] no findings. the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mediastinum and perihilar structures remarkable for vascular calcifications involving the aortic. this is consistent with atherosclerotic disease. in addition, marked prominence is noted to the pulmonary arteries in the perihilar location. although the heart is not enlarged, this is concerning for concern for pulmonary arterial hypertension. there is calcified granuloma noted in the right lower lobe. some interstitial prominence is noted at the left costophrenic greater than right. a subtle infiltrate cannot be excluded. the osseous structures are remarkable for degenerative changes
[Record ID: OpenI-6758] no findings. the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mediastinum and perihilar structures remarkable for vascular calcifications involving the aortic. this is consistent with atherosclerotic disease. in addition, marked prominence is noted to the pulmonary arteries in the perihilar location. although the heart is not enlarged, this is concerning for concern for pulmonary arterial hypertension. there is calcified granuloma noted in the right lower lobe. some interstitial prominence is noted at the left costophrenic greater than right. a subtle infiltrate cannot be excluded. the osseous structures are remarkable for degenerative changes
[Record ID: OpenI-6759] the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6760] the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6761] no findings. cardiomegaly, aortic ectasiatortuosity, cardiomediastinal silhouette appears similar to prior. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-6762] no findings. cardiomegaly, aortic ectasiatortuosity, cardiomediastinal silhouette appears similar to prior. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-6763] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6764] the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6765] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6766] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6767] left retrocardiac airspace disease with blunted posterior costophrenic on lateral view suggesting small pleural effusion. normal heart size. right picc is unchanged with tip at the caval atrial junction. left retrocardiac airspace disease could reflect atelectasis and possible scarring. small left pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-6768] left retrocardiac airspace disease with blunted posterior costophrenic on lateral view suggesting small pleural effusion. normal heart size. right picc is unchanged with tip at the caval atrial junction. left retrocardiac airspace disease could reflect atelectasis and possible scarring. small left pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-6769] no findings. there is a near spherical shaped calcification projecting over the right upper quadrant, apparently within the anteriorsuperior aspect of liver, measuring approximately 6 cm in diameter. this may represent a calcified hepatic cyst. could be further evaluated with ct if clinically indicated. slight elevation of right hemidiaphragm with some mild right basilar hypoventilation. overall clear lungs. normal mediastinal contour. no effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-6770] no findings. there is a near spherical shaped calcification projecting over the right upper quadrant, apparently within the anteriorsuperior aspect of liver, measuring approximately 6 cm in diameter. this may represent a calcified hepatic cyst. could be further evaluated with ct if clinically indicated. slight elevation of right hemidiaphragm with some mild right basilar hypoventilation. overall clear lungs. normal mediastinal contour. no effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-6771] lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6772] lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6773] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6774] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6775] patchy airspace disease in the left lingula. no significant effusion. clear right lung. normal heart size. granulomatous mediastinal calcifications. right chest tip at svc. patchy airspace disease in the lingula without evidence of effusion. pneumonia is in the differential. a followup exam in 4 to 6 weeks should be considered to ensure resolution of this process
[Record ID: OpenI-6776] patchy airspace disease in the left lingula. no significant effusion. clear right lung. normal heart size. granulomatous mediastinal calcifications. right chest tip at svc. patchy airspace disease in the lingula without evidence of effusion. pneumonia is in the differential. a followup exam in 4 to 6 weeks should be considered to ensure resolution of this process
[Record ID: OpenI-6777] normal cardiomediastinal contours, given patient position and technique. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. the lung volumes. low lung volumes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6778] normal cardiomediastinal contours, given patient position and technique. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. the lung volumes. low lung volumes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6779] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6780] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6781] stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, lateral view interlobar fissural thickening. interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases. cardiomegaly, question small bilateral pleural effusions abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, differential diagnosis includes infectious and inflammatory processes
[Record ID: OpenI-6782] stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, lateral view interlobar fissural thickening. interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases. cardiomegaly, question small bilateral pleural effusions abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, differential diagnosis includes infectious and inflammatory processes
[Record ID: OpenI-6783] there is scarring in the right mid and upper lung zone with surgical clips identified as well. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6784] there is scarring in the right mid and upper lung zone with surgical clips identified as well. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6785] no findings. heart size is normal. slightly tortuous aorta. calcified right hilar lymph. no adenopathy or fibrosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6786] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. chronic appearing interstitial markings the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6787] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. chronic appearing interstitial markings the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6788] in the interval, the heart size has become normal. pulmonary are normal. lungs are clear and expanded. resolution of cardiomegaly. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6789] in the interval, the heart size has become normal. pulmonary are normal. lungs are clear and expanded. resolution of cardiomegaly. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6790] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6791] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6792] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6793] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6794] no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. the previouslybrdescribed deformity in the midthoracic spine is again seen. there is subcutaneous shunt catheter tubing along the anterior chest wall. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6795] no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. the previouslybrdescribed deformity in the midthoracic spine is again seen. there is subcutaneous shunt catheter tubing along the anterior chest wall. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6796] the cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6797] the cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6798] there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious bony opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6799] cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. opacities reflecting atelectasis versus bronchovascular crowding. bronchovascular crowding versus atelectasis within the right lung base otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6800] cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. opacities reflecting atelectasis versus bronchovascular crowding. bronchovascular crowding versus atelectasis within the right lung base otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6801] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6802] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6803] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6804] the heart size is mildly enlarged. the patient is post aortic valve replacement. the sternotomy are intact. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. critical result notification documented through primordial
[Record ID: OpenI-6805] the heart size is mildly enlarged. the patient is post aortic valve replacement. the sternotomy are intact. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. critical result notification documented through primordial
[Record ID: OpenI-6806] there your regular interstitial changes and possibly fibrosis in the left mid and lower lung zone and region of the right middle lobe. hyperinflation is present. no focal consolidation is seen. there is no evidence for pleural effusion. the heart is not enlarged. mediastinum is normal. there are arthritic changes of the spine. of copd and interstitial lung disease. no definite pneumonia. there does appear to be progression of changes since
[Record ID: OpenI-6807] there your regular interstitial changes and possibly fibrosis in the left mid and lower lung zone and region of the right middle lobe. hyperinflation is present. no focal consolidation is seen. there is no evidence for pleural effusion. the heart is not enlarged. mediastinum is normal. there are arthritic changes of the spine. of copd and interstitial lung disease. no definite pneumonia. there does appear to be progression of changes since
[Record ID: OpenI-6808] there is moderate cardiomegaly. no interstitial edema or pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax. there is mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. cardiomegaly without radiographic evidence of heart failure. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6809] there is moderate cardiomegaly. no interstitial edema or pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax. there is mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. cardiomegaly without radiographic evidence of heart failure. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6810] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6811] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6812] cardiomegaly is noted. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. there is perihilar prominence and interstitial opacification. stable cardiomegaly with prominent perihilar opacities which may represent scarring or edema
[Record ID: OpenI-6813] cardiomegaly is noted. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. there is perihilar prominence and interstitial opacification. stable cardiomegaly with prominent perihilar opacities which may represent scarring or edema
[Record ID: OpenI-6814] the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6815] the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6816] stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. bilateral calcified hilarperihilar lymph. left lateral lung calcified granuloma. lungs are grossly clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute osseous abnormality. chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6817] stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. bilateral calcified hilarperihilar lymph. left lateral lung calcified granuloma. lungs are grossly clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute osseous abnormality. chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6818] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6819] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6820] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6821] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6822] no unusual findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-6823] no unusual findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-6824] there is significant interval decrease in right middle and right lower lobe opacification. persistent small right pleural effusion and atelectasis. no pneumothorax. stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. no acute bone abnormality. improved right mid lung and right basilar consolidation. decreasing right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-6825] there is significant interval decrease in right middle and right lower lobe opacification. persistent small right pleural effusion and atelectasis. no pneumothorax. stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. no acute bone abnormality. improved right mid lung and right basilar consolidation. decreasing right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-6826] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6827] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6828] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6829] the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6830] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. calcified left hilar. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6831] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. calcified left hilar. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6832] no findings. patchy alveolar infiltrates in the right midlung probably within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. 7 mm nodular opacity overlying the left lung most represents patients nipple recommend nipple films as it may represent a lung nodule as well. patient being recalled from the room for the nipple film
[Record ID: OpenI-6833] no findings. patchy alveolar infiltrates in the right midlung probably within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. 7 mm nodular opacity overlying the left lung most represents patients nipple recommend nipple films as it may represent a lung nodule as well. patient being recalled from the room for the nipple film
[Record ID: OpenI-6834] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6835] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6836] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute right pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6837] heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute right pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6838] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. deformity of the right clavicle related to remote is again seen. visualized upper abdomen grossly unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6839] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. deformity of the right clavicle related to remote is again seen. visualized upper abdomen grossly unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6840] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint and thoracic spine degenerative changes are noted. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6841] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint and thoracic spine degenerative changes are noted. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6842] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6843] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6844] mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6845] mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6846] the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-6847] the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-6848] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal as are the skeletal structures and soft tissues. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6849] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal as are the skeletal structures and soft tissues. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6850] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6851] frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6852] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6853] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6854] no findings. pulmonary detail obscured secondary to body habitus and superimposed soft tissue. again seen is a left basilar opacity compatible with some effusion and adjacent left basilar atelectasis. overall, size of effusion appears slightly smaller. right lung stable and grossly clear. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-6855] no findings. pulmonary detail obscured secondary to body habitus and superimposed soft tissue. again seen is a left basilar opacity compatible with some effusion and adjacent left basilar atelectasis. overall, size of effusion appears slightly smaller. right lung stable and grossly clear. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-6856] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in a small calcified right apical granuloma. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6857] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in a small calcified right apical granuloma. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6858] no findings. there are chronic changes in both lungs with appearance of emphysema. no acute airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. findings are grossly unchanged compared with prior chest ct from
[Record ID: OpenI-6859] no findings. there are chronic changes in both lungs with appearance of emphysema. no acute airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. findings are grossly unchanged compared with prior chest ct from
[Record ID: OpenI-6860] no unusual findings. comparison,. anticipated senescent changes. no acute airspace disease or chf. stable mediastinal contour. no acute abnormalities since the previous examination
[Record ID: OpenI-6861] no unusual findings. comparison,. anticipated senescent changes. no acute airspace disease or chf. stable mediastinal contour. no acute abnormalities since the previous examination
[Record ID: OpenI-6862] there is mild mentally without pulmonary edema. tortuous thoracic aorta, unchanged. stable positioning of the dual cardiac device. no visible pneumothorax. there is a small left pleural effusion. focal airspace consolidation is visualized in the superior segment of the left lower lobe, appreciated on lateral projection. increased retrosternal clear space suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. left lower lobe, superior segment, airspace consolidation, radiographic appearance most typical for pneumonia. based on patients age, a followup chest to document resolution is recommended. left parapneumonic pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-6863] no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace opacities. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the trachea is midline. no free subdiaphragmatic air. the included osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6864] no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace opacities. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the trachea is midline. no free subdiaphragmatic air. the included osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6865] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6866] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6867] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6868] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6869] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6870] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6871] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6872] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no nodules or adenopathy is identified. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6873] heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no nodules or adenopathy is identified. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6874] heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. the visualized bony structures appear intact. there is a radiodensity overlying the right shoulder which is external to the patient however clinical correlation recommended. scattered calcified granulomas. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no fracture visualized
[Record ID: OpenI-6875] heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. the visualized bony structures appear intact. there is a radiodensity overlying the right shoulder which is external to the patient however clinical correlation recommended. scattered calcified granulomas. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no fracture visualized
[Record ID: OpenI-6876] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6877] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6878] heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6879] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. lungs are hyperexpanded without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.. degenerative endplate changes of the spine. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6880] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. lungs are hyperexpanded without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.. degenerative endplate changes of the spine. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6881] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6882] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6883] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6884] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6885] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. low lung volumes, otherwise clear
[Record ID: OpenI-6886] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. low lung volumes, otherwise clear
[Record ID: OpenI-6887] no findings. heart size normal. right lung clear. persistent but decreased left lower lobe atelectasis infiltrate and effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-6888] no findings. heart size normal. right lung clear. persistent but decreased left lower lobe atelectasis infiltrate and effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-6889] no findings. improved basilar aeration. persistent small bilateral pleural effusions, on the right, small on the left with some associated left basilar atelectasis. lungs otherwise clear. unremarkable mediastinal contour. changes of emphysema. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-6890] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the posterior costophrenic are excluded on the lateral view. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6891] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the posterior costophrenic are excluded on the lateral view. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6892] there is a large airspace opacity in the right lower and middle lobes. there is no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable. multilobar airspace consolidation
[Record ID: OpenI-6893] the cardiomediastinal contours are stable and normal. mid sternotomy again noted. mildly low lung volumes. no significant pulmonary edema, focal lung consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax seen. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6894] the cardiomediastinal contours are stable and normal. mid sternotomy again noted. mildly low lung volumes. no significant pulmonary edema, focal lung consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax seen. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6895] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6896] the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6897] heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. there is an 8 mm calcified nodule in the left midlung. there is also a 7 mm calcified nodule near the left hilum. hyperexpanded lungs consistent with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6898] heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. there is an 8 mm calcified nodule in the left midlung. there is also a 7 mm calcified nodule near the left hilum. hyperexpanded lungs consistent with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6899] minimal righttoleft cardiomediastinal shift. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is a moderate sized right pneumothorax. this measures 2 cm at the level the right apex. moderate sized right pneumothorax. there is minimal righttoleft cardiomediastinal shift, suggesting
[Record ID: OpenI-6900] sternotomy appear intact. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is no focal lung opacity. clips overlie the right upper quadrant. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6901] sternotomy appear intact. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is no focal lung opacity. clips overlie the right upper quadrant. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6902] in the interval, a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. in addition, on the pa view, an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left of the heart. this opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. it may be artifactual, but another mass on the left cannot be excluded. mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. heart size normal. note of an unchanged hiatal hernia. right upper lobe mass, suspicious for neoplasm. ct of chest abdomen and head would be helpful for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-6903] in the interval, a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. in addition, on the pa view, an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left of the heart. this opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. it may be artifactual, but another mass on the left cannot be excluded. mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. heart size normal. note of an unchanged hiatal hernia. right upper lobe mass, suspicious for neoplasm. ct of chest abdomen and head would be helpful for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-6904] in the interval, a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. in addition, on the pa view, an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left of the heart. this opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. it may be artifactual, but another mass on the left cannot be excluded. mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. heart size normal. note of an unchanged hiatal hernia. right upper lobe mass, suspicious for neoplasm. ct of chest abdomen and head would be helpful for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-6905] in the interval, a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. in addition, on the pa view, an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left of the heart. this opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. it may be artifactual, but another mass on the left cannot be excluded. mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. heart size normal. note of an unchanged hiatal hernia. right upper lobe mass, suspicious for neoplasm. ct of chest abdomen and head would be helpful for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-6906] in the interval, a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. in addition, on the pa view, an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left of the heart. this opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. it may be artifactual, but another mass on the left cannot be excluded. mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. heart size normal. note of an unchanged hiatal hernia. right upper lobe mass, suspicious for neoplasm. ct of chest abdomen and head would be helpful for further evaluation
[Record ID: OpenI-6907] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6908] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6909] there is an endotracheal tube at the level of the carina, recommend retraction. heart size is normal. the mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. shrapnel is overlying the right lower lobe. there is a round bullet overlying the t10 vertebral body. density is seen within the right lower lobe representing hemorrhage. there is a rightsided pneumothorax with 10 mm in maximal thickness. there is right axillary subcutaneous emphysema. probable lateral right 8th rib fracture. the osseous structures are otherwise normal. moderate rightsided hemopneumothorax as detailed above. probable lateral right 8th rib fracture. endotracheal tube at the level of the carina, recommend retraction
[Record ID: OpenI-6910] there is an endotracheal tube at the level of the carina, recommend retraction. heart size is normal. the mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. shrapnel is overlying the right lower lobe. there is a round bullet overlying the t10 vertebral body. density is seen within the right lower lobe representing hemorrhage. there is a rightsided pneumothorax with 10 mm in maximal thickness. there is right axillary subcutaneous emphysema. probable lateral right 8th rib fracture. the osseous structures are otherwise normal. moderate rightsided hemopneumothorax as detailed above. probable lateral right 8th rib fracture. endotracheal tube at the level of the carina, recommend retraction
[Record ID: OpenI-6911] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. normal chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-6912] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. normal chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-6913] there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. stable left lower lobe scarring. normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6914] there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. stable left lower lobe scarring. normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6915] heart size is upper limits of normal but stable. mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. chronically increased interstitial markings without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the spine. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6916] heart size is upper limits of normal but stable. mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. chronically increased interstitial markings without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the spine. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6917] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. a tortuous, calcified thoracic aorta is present. the lungs are hyperexpanded, consistent with emphysema. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6918] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. a tortuous, calcified thoracic aorta is present. the lungs are hyperexpanded, consistent with emphysema. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6919] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidations. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. emphysematous changes of the lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-6920] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidations. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. emphysematous changes of the lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-6921] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6922] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6923] there is no acute osseous abnormality. soft tissues are within normal limits. borderline enlargement of the heart. normal vascular markings. left basilar retrocardiac opacity. no pneumothorax. findings consistent with left base airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6924] no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6925] no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6926] chest. both lungs clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. ankle. soft tissue is present around the malleoli. intact. mortise radiographically stable. chest. no active disease. no evidence for cardiopulmonary injury. left ankle. soft tissue edema with no visible bony injury
[Record ID: OpenI-6927] chest. both lungs clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. ankle. soft tissue is present around the malleoli. intact. mortise radiographically stable. chest. no active disease. no evidence for cardiopulmonary injury. left ankle. soft tissue edema with no visible bony injury
[Record ID: OpenI-6928] opacities projecting over the right apex and mediastinum on pa view are artifactual. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. stable chronic coarse interstitial markings, without focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the are grossly intact. right cervical rib. stable chronic lung changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6929] opacities projecting over the right apex and mediastinum on pa view are artifactual. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. stable chronic coarse interstitial markings, without focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the are grossly intact. right cervical rib. stable chronic lung changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6930] there is redemonstration of an aicd with the left chest wall with stable intact placement. surgical cervical is redemonstrated. cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. opacity in the left upper lobe, atelectasis or scarring. no visible pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. stable aicd with intact replacement. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-6931] no unusual findings. no displaced rib fractures, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6932] no unusual findings. no displaced rib fractures, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-6933] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. right hilar surgical clips. stable rightsided volume loss. increasing density in the superior segment of the left lower lobe, seen on lateral view. no pneumothorax. severe degenerative disease of the. increasing density in the superior segment the left lower lobe, seen on lateral view, consistent worsening of known tumor
[Record ID: OpenI-6934] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. right hilar surgical clips. stable rightsided volume loss. increasing density in the superior segment of the left lower lobe, seen on lateral view. no pneumothorax. severe degenerative disease of the. increasing density in the superior segment the left lower lobe, seen on lateral view, consistent worsening of known tumor
[Record ID: OpenI-6935] no findings. mild hyperinflation. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size near top normal limits, aortic ectasiatortuosity similar to prior. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-6936] no findings. mild hyperinflation. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size near top normal limits, aortic ectasiatortuosity similar to prior. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-6937] there are low lung volumes. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6938] there are low lung volumes. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6939] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable. no large pleural effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6940] no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable. no large pleural effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6941] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. stable chest without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6942] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. stable chest without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6943] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6944] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6945] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6946] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6947] no findings. left picc line tip near junction of brachiocephalic vein and svc repositioning with a slight advancement may be helpful. there is a tortuous atherosclerotic aorta. large lung volumes with widened ap diameter of the chest, due to copd recommend clinical correlation. diffuse bronchial calcification and with mild atherosclerotic calcification. no evidence of pulmonary consolidation, large pleural effusionpneumothorax. there is degenerative changes at the joints. osteopenia. degenerative changes of the cervical spine with possible fusion in the lower cervical region
[Record ID: OpenI-6948] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6949] the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6950] the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6951] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. stable calcified granuloma in the left lung. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6952] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. stable calcified granuloma in the left lung. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6953] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6954] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6955] no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there are prominent lateral osteophytes along the right aspect of the mid thoracic spine which are stable. no free subdiaphragmatic air. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6956] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6957] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6958] no findings. left lung clear. slight cardiomegaly. right effusion. right lower lobe infiltrate. two airfluid levels in the right hemithorax most representing hydropneumothorax. this radiographic finding could also represent empyema with a bronchopleural fistula. ct scan with iv contrast may be helpful
[Record ID: OpenI-6959] no findings. left lung clear. slight cardiomegaly. right effusion. right lower lobe infiltrate. two airfluid levels in the right hemithorax most representing hydropneumothorax. this radiographic finding could also represent empyema with a bronchopleural fistula. ct scan with iv contrast may be helpful
[Record ID: OpenI-6960] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6961] heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6962] redemonstration of azygos lobe. redemonstrated left perihilar nodular opacity, similar in size from previous examination. dense appearing, may be granulomatous. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal.. limited exam, for evaluation of fractures. however, no evidence for displaced rib fracture. left perihilar nodular opacity redemonstrated, appears dense, may be granulomatous, if desired one may consider ct for further characterization. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. redemonstrated azygos lobe. no fracture visible. if clinical concern persists, consider dedicated rib series
[Record ID: OpenI-6963] redemonstration of azygos lobe. redemonstrated left perihilar nodular opacity, similar in size from previous examination. dense appearing, may be granulomatous. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal.. limited exam, for evaluation of fractures. however, no evidence for displaced rib fracture. left perihilar nodular opacity redemonstrated, appears dense, may be granulomatous, if desired one may consider ct for further characterization. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. redemonstrated azygos lobe. no fracture visible. if clinical concern persists, consider dedicated rib series
[Record ID: OpenI-6964] the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. a lobulated opacity is identified superior to the heart, in the anterior mediastinum on the lateral view, possibly consistent with a tortuousectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. the thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. severe degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. lobulated anterior mediastinal opacity on the lateral view, possibly consistent with a tortuousectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. contrastenhanced examination would to further evaluate if clinically indicated. mild cardiomegaly with findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6965] the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. a lobulated opacity is identified superior to the heart, in the anterior mediastinum on the lateral view, possibly consistent with a tortuousectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. the thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. severe degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. lobulated anterior mediastinal opacity on the lateral view, possibly consistent with a tortuousectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. contrastenhanced examination would to further evaluate if clinically indicated. mild cardiomegaly with findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6966] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6967] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6968] no findings. status post mediastinal surgery. cardiomegaly. atherosclerotic disease of the thoracic aorta. lung volumes are reduced. suspicion for at bilateral pleural effusions. no acute airspace disease. no pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-6969] no findings. status post mediastinal surgery. cardiomegaly. atherosclerotic disease of the thoracic aorta. lung volumes are reduced. suspicion for at bilateral pleural effusions. no acute airspace disease. no pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-6970] the lungs are. opacities are present in the right costophrenic. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. findings of copd with right costophrenic focal atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-6971] the lungs are. opacities are present in the right costophrenic. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. findings of copd with right costophrenic focal atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-6972] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6973] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis
[Record ID: OpenI-6974] stable prominence of the cardiac apex, from ventricular hypertrophy. mid sternotomy again noted. no pneumothorax, significant pulmonary edema or large pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation. clips in the right upper quadrant consistent with cholecystectomy. dextroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6975] stable prominence of the cardiac apex, from ventricular hypertrophy. mid sternotomy again noted. no pneumothorax, significant pulmonary edema or large pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation. clips in the right upper quadrant consistent with cholecystectomy. dextroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-6976] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lungs are hyperexpanded. minimal scarring in both lower lobes. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. stable mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6977] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lungs are hyperexpanded. minimal scarring in both lower lobes. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. stable mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6978] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6979] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-6980] cardiomegaly. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. cardiomegaly similar to prior examination. negative for evidence of acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6981] cardiomegaly. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. cardiomegaly similar to prior examination. negative for evidence of acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6982] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute abnormality. negative
[Record ID: OpenI-6983] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute abnormality. negative
[Record ID: OpenI-6984] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is minimal airspace opacity in the right middle lobe, atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise clear of focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta with atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic. there are moderate degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6985] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is minimal airspace opacity in the right middle lobe, atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise clear of focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta with atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic. there are moderate degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-6986] the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. there is no evidence of pneumonia. the heart pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6987] the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. there is no evidence of pneumonia. the heart pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6988] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6989] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6990] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present. small tspine osteophytes. there is biapical pleural thickening, unchanged from prior. mildly hyperexpanded lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6991] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present. small tspine osteophytes. there is biapical pleural thickening, unchanged from prior. mildly hyperexpanded lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6992] normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal chest exam
[Record ID: OpenI-6993] normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal chest exam
[Record ID: OpenI-6994] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the superior thoracic spine is again noted, unchanged from prior. lucent pulmonary parenchyma is consistent appearance with emphysema and appears unchanged from prior examinations. no evidence of pneumothorax. no focal airspace disease or pleural effusion. vague density in the medial right lung apex most representing overlying shadows of bony structures, which is stable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. emphysema and chronic bony abnormalities are unchanged from prior exams
[Record ID: OpenI-6995] the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the superior thoracic spine is again noted, unchanged from prior. lucent pulmonary parenchyma is consistent appearance with emphysema and appears unchanged from prior examinations. no evidence of pneumothorax. no focal airspace disease or pleural effusion. vague density in the medial right lung apex most representing overlying shadows of bony structures, which is stable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. emphysema and chronic bony abnormalities are unchanged from prior exams
[Record ID: OpenI-6996] the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. multiple healed bilateral rib fractures. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6997] the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. multiple healed bilateral rib fractures. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-6998] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-6999] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. spondylosis of the midthoracic spine with large anterior osteophyte formations. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7000] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. spondylosis of the midthoracic spine with large anterior osteophyte formations. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7001] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-7002] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-7003] the cavity and the left upper lobe has decreased in size. bilateral apical bullae and parenchymal scars are unchanged. no infiltrates in the lower lobes. heart size remains normal. bullous disease and upper lobe scars. decreasing right upper lobe cavity
[Record ID: OpenI-7004] the cavity and the left upper lobe has decreased in size. bilateral apical bullae and parenchymal scars are unchanged. no infiltrates in the lower lobes. heart size remains normal. bullous disease and upper lobe scars. decreasing right upper lobe cavity
[Record ID: OpenI-7005] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7006] examination was performed with nipple markers. the previously noted small nodule in the right lower lung is not wellseen on todays study and may have been secondary to summation of structures. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are otherwise clear. no acute disease. previously visualized nodule in right lower lobe not wellseen on todays study, summation artifact
[Record ID: OpenI-7007] examination was performed with nipple markers. the previously noted small nodule in the right lower lung is not wellseen on todays study and may have been secondary to summation of structures. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are otherwise clear. no acute disease. previously visualized nodule in right lower lobe not wellseen on todays study, summation artifact
[Record ID: OpenI-7008] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7009] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7010] stable appearance of aortic valve prosthesis. sternotomy. aortic calcifications. mild interstitial edema. no focal infiltrate. no effusion or pneumothorax. mild cardiomegaly. mild interstitial edema
[Record ID: OpenI-7011] stable appearance of aortic valve prosthesis. sternotomy. aortic calcifications. mild interstitial edema. no focal infiltrate. no effusion or pneumothorax. mild cardiomegaly. mild interstitial edema
[Record ID: OpenI-7012] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs with no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-7013] lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs with no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses
[Record ID: OpenI-7014] lungs are. opacities are present in the left lung base. heart size normal. mediastinum normal. findings of copd and left base focal atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-7015] lungs are. opacities are present in the left lung base. heart size normal. mediastinum normal. findings of copd and left base focal atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-7016] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a small stable foreign body noted over the left chest. there are vascular calcifications over the aortic. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7017] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a small stable foreign body noted over the left chest. there are vascular calcifications over the aortic. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7018] the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. there are scattered bilateral opacities, most notably in the right middle lobe, of subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax is identified. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. scattered of subsegmental atelectasis, most notably in the right middle lobe. mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette cardiomegaly versus pericardial effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-7019] the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. there are scattered bilateral opacities, most notably in the right middle lobe, of subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax is identified. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. scattered of subsegmental atelectasis, most notably in the right middle lobe. mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette cardiomegaly versus pericardial effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-7020] pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. degenerative spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7021] pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. degenerative spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7022] chest. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. pelvis. there are numerous clips overlying the pelvis and lower abdomen. nonobstructive bowel pattern. no pathologic calcifications. hip joint spaces are symmetric and normal. sacroiliac joints are unremarkable. no fractures or dislocations. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. pelvis. no acute osseous findings
[Record ID: OpenI-7023] chest. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. pelvis. there are numerous clips overlying the pelvis and lower abdomen. nonobstructive bowel pattern. no pathologic calcifications. hip joint spaces are symmetric and normal. sacroiliac joints are unremarkable. no fractures or dislocations. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. pelvis. no acute osseous findings
[Record ID: OpenI-7024] there are scattered calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. right humeral internal fixation is noted. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7025] there are scattered calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. right humeral internal fixation is noted. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7026] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. mild emphysematous changes are noted. bilateral apical pleural scarring is present. calcified granuloma is present within the right lower lobe. the are generally unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7027] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. mild emphysematous changes are noted. bilateral apical pleural scarring is present. calcified granuloma is present within the right lower lobe. the are generally unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7028] low lung volumes. elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. patchy opacities right base again noted. left lung clear. heart size top normal. aortic calcification. granulomas. no evidence of pneumothorax. blunting of the bilateral costophrenic. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. right lower lobe airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7029] low lung volumes. elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. patchy opacities right base again noted. left lung clear. heart size top normal. aortic calcification. granulomas. no evidence of pneumothorax. blunting of the bilateral costophrenic. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. right lower lobe airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7030] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7031] both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7032] frontal on two cassettes and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains markedly enlarged. there is aortic vascular calcification. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. continued severe cardiomegaly andor pericardial effusion. no acute pulmonary disease process identified
[Record ID: OpenI-7033] frontal on two cassettes and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains markedly enlarged. there is aortic vascular calcification. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. continued severe cardiomegaly andor pericardial effusion. no acute pulmonary disease process identified
[Record ID: OpenI-7034] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there has been a sternotomy. the heart is not enlarged. some atherosclerotic changes of the aorta are seen. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7035] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there has been a sternotomy. the heart is not enlarged. some atherosclerotic changes of the aorta are seen. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7036] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. external monitor leads the thorax. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-7037] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. external monitor leads the thorax. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-7038] there is minimal opacity in the left lung base, representing atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. left base atelectasis. lungs otherwise clear
[Record ID: OpenI-7039] there is minimal opacity in the left lung base, representing atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. left base atelectasis. lungs otherwise clear
[Record ID: OpenI-7040] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. the distal tip of a right ij duallumen central venous catheter is at the which junction. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7041] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. the distal tip of a right ij duallumen central venous catheter is at the which junction. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7042] the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are calcifications of the aortic. the lungs are hyperinflated with increased retrosternal airspace and flattening of hemidiaphragms. there is haziness in the right lung apex. there is a 7 cm nodular density in the medial right lung base seen on the frontal view, not identified on the lateral view. this may represent a vessel on end. there is no consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. haziness in the right lung apex and questionable right middle lobe pulmonary nodule. these may be explained by overlapping structures, chest would be useful for further evaluation. emphysematous changes
[Record ID: OpenI-7043] the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are calcifications of the aortic. the lungs are hyperinflated with increased retrosternal airspace and flattening of hemidiaphragms. there is haziness in the right lung apex. there is a 7 cm nodular density in the medial right lung base seen on the frontal view, not identified on the lateral view. this may represent a vessel on end. there is no consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. haziness in the right lung apex and questionable right middle lobe pulmonary nodule. these may be explained by overlapping structures, chest would be useful for further evaluation. emphysematous changes
[Record ID: OpenI-7044] cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7045] cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7046] no findings. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. there is marked cardiomegaly. aortic calcifications consistent with atherosclerotic disease. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine and right shoulder
[Record ID: OpenI-7047] normal heart size. clear lungs without pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal chest exam
[Record ID: OpenI-7048] normal heart size. clear lungs without pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal chest exam
[Record ID: OpenI-7049] heart and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. the pulmonary vasculature is normal in appearance. the lung parenchyma is clear, without focal airspace opacity. there are no pleural effusions, and there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures are grossly unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7050] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-7051] no unusual findings. no comparison chest. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-7052] the trachea is midline. the heart is slightly large. there are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular crowding. otherwise the lungs appear clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-7053] the trachea is midline. the heart is slightly large. there are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular crowding. otherwise the lungs appear clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-7054] lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. interval resolution of left effusion. central venous dialysis catheter unchanged in position. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7055] lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. interval resolution of left effusion. central venous dialysis catheter unchanged in position. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7056] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7057] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7058] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. minimal bibasilar airspace disease. no pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. minimal bibasilar airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7059] stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. minimal bibasilar airspace disease. no pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. minimal bibasilar airspace disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7060] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7061] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable with aortic tortuosity. lungs are clear with no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fractures are noted. there are multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7062] mild cardiomegaly. hypoinflation of the lungs. right basilar opacity may represent atelectasis. lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. sclerosis of the humeral bilateral, from prior avn. sclerotic vertebral body endplates with central depression. calcifications in the right hemiabdomen may represent calcified gallstones. right basilar opacities favored to represent atelectasis. stigmata of cell disease. cholelithiasis
[Record ID: OpenI-7063] mild cardiomegaly. hypoinflation of the lungs. right basilar opacity may represent atelectasis. lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. sclerosis of the humeral bilateral, from prior avn. sclerotic vertebral body endplates with central depression. calcifications in the right hemiabdomen may represent calcified gallstones. right basilar opacities favored to represent atelectasis. stigmata of cell disease. cholelithiasis
[Record ID: OpenI-7064] the trachea is midline. the cardio mediastinal silhouette is of normal size and contour. no evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. low lung volumes atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding
[Record ID: OpenI-7065] the trachea is midline. the cardio mediastinal silhouette is of normal size and contour. no evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. low lung volumes atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding
[Record ID: OpenI-7066] cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours are normal limits. increased interstitial opacities. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities represent interstitial edema
[Record ID: OpenI-7067] cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours are normal limits. increased interstitial opacities. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities represent interstitial edema
[Record ID: OpenI-7068] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. right a remains in. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7069] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. right a remains in. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7070] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7071] the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7072] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-7073] heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest
[Record ID: OpenI-7074] lungs are clear. heart size normal. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary finding
[Record ID: OpenI-7075] left anterior chest wall pacemakerdefibrillator. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. spurring of thoracic spine. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7076] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are wellaerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7077] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are wellaerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7078] normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-7079] normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-7080] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. sternotomy overlie the heart. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7081] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. sternotomy overlie the heart. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7082] there is stable cardiomegaly. right pleural effusion is slightly increased in size. pulmonary vasculature is persistently enlarged. prominent interstitium is stable. no focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures intact. stable cardiomegaly and of interstitial edema with small but increasing right pleural effusion
[Record ID: OpenI-7083] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. postsurgical changes include left chest pacemakericd with tips over the right atrium and right ventricle, sternotomy, and graft markers, and upper anterior mediastinal surgical clips. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. specifically, no evidence of pneumonia. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. postsurgical changes as described above
[Record ID: OpenI-7084] limited lateral projection. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. healed distal left clavicular fracture noted. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7085] limited lateral projection. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. healed distal left clavicular fracture noted. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7086] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7087] no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7088] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. hyperinflated lungs. cardiomegaly. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7089] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. hyperinflated lungs. cardiomegaly. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7090] heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. calcified right hilar lymph noted. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7091] heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. calcified right hilar lymph noted. no acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7092] there is bilateral lower lung airspace disease. there are small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. there is no pneumothorax. mediastinal silhouette normal. calcified left hilar lymph. small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent infiltrate or atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-7093] there is bilateral lower lung airspace disease. there are small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. there is no pneumothorax. mediastinal silhouette normal. calcified left hilar lymph. small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent infiltrate or atelectasis
[Record ID: OpenI-7094] the lungs hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7095] the lungs hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7096] cardiomegaly. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7097] cardiomegaly. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7098] heart size normal. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. a bullet is noted in the soft tissues of the inferior right chest wall. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7099] heart size normal. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. a bullet is noted in the soft tissues of the inferior right chest wall. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7100] stable cardiomediastinal contour is mild cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax or significant pulmonary edema. small left pleural effusion. no focal lung consolidation. mildly low lung volumes. small left pleural effusion. stable mild cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-7101] stable cardiomediastinal contour is mild cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax or significant pulmonary edema. small left pleural effusion. no focal lung consolidation. mildly low lung volumes. small left pleural effusion. stable mild cardiomegaly
[Record ID: OpenI-7102] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-7103] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest
[Record ID: OpenI-7104] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7105] lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7106] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7107] no unusual findings. no active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7108] lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7109] lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7110] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7111] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7112] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. questionable thinwalled cavitary lesion in the right lower lobe, only seen on the ap view and may represent artifact. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-7113] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. questionable thinwalled cavitary lesion in the right lower lobe, only seen on the ap view and may represent artifact. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-7114] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-7115] the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-7116] no findings. low lung volumes. cardiomegaly. minimal left base and perihilar minimal infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-7117] no findings. low lung volumes. cardiomegaly. minimal left base and perihilar minimal infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-7118] no findings. heart size normal. lungs clear. stable 5 mm calcified right midlung nodule
[Record ID: OpenI-7119] no findings. heart size normal. lungs clear. stable 5 mm calcified right midlung nodule
[Record ID: OpenI-7120] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. removal of 2 leftsided chest tubes. there is no pneumothorax. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is minimal posterior pleural effusions. no pneumothorax following removal of leftsided chest tubes
[Record ID: OpenI-7121] and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. removal of 2 leftsided chest tubes. there is no pneumothorax. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is minimal posterior pleural effusions. no pneumothorax following removal of leftsided chest tubes
[Record ID: OpenI-7122] three noncalcified lung nodules are present in the left lower lobe. the largest measures 5 mm in diameter. another nodule is present near the right hilum. it is approximately 2 cm in diameter. the and mediastinum appear normal. heart size normal. multiple nodules in both the left and right lungs consistent with neoplasm. further workup could be initiated with contrasted ct of the chest, abdomen, and pelvis. dr. i discussed the findings and further workup suggestions by telephone approximately hours
[Record ID: OpenI-7123] three noncalcified lung nodules are present in the left lower lobe. the largest measures 5 mm in diameter. another nodule is present near the right hilum. it is approximately 2 cm in diameter. the and mediastinum appear normal. heart size normal. multiple nodules in both the left and right lungs consistent with neoplasm. further workup could be initiated with contrasted ct of the chest, abdomen, and pelvis. dr. i discussed the findings and further workup suggestions by telephone approximately hours
[Record ID: OpenI-7124] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. partial fusion of 2 vertebral bodies near the thoracolumbar junction. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-7125] the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. partial fusion of 2 vertebral bodies near the thoracolumbar junction. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-7126] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-7127] no unusual findings. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear
[Record ID: OpenI-7128] there is no focal consolidation. mild blunting of the posterior costophrenic represent small effusions. no pneumothorax is present. there is moderate cardiomegaly. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. unchanged cardiomegaly. question pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-7129] there is no focal consolidation. mild blunting of the posterior costophrenic represent small effusions. no pneumothorax is present. there is moderate cardiomegaly. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. unchanged cardiomegaly. question pleural effusions
[Record ID: OpenI-7130] normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative disc disease in the thoracic spine with osteophyte formation bridging. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-7131] normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative disc disease in the thoracic spine with osteophyte formation bridging. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-7132] the heart size is at the upper limits of normal. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. mild chronic degenerative changes are present within the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7133] the heart size is at the upper limits of normal. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. mild chronic degenerative changes are present within the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7134] given differences in patient rotation, heart size and mediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. lungs appear clear without focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with scattered deformities. stable postsurgical changes of the left shoulder and marked degenerative changes of the right shoulder. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7135] given differences in patient rotation, heart size and mediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. lungs appear clear without focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with scattered deformities. stable postsurgical changes of the left shoulder and marked degenerative changes of the right shoulder. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7136] cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. no visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-7137] cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. no visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-7138] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. no change from prior exam
[Record ID: OpenI-7139] no unusual findings. heart size normal. lungs clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. no change from prior exam
[Record ID: OpenI-7140] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7141] the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7142] no unusual findings. heart size within normal limits for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-7143] no unusual findings. heart size within normal limits for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-7144] several calcified granulomas in bilateral hilar regions. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7145] several calcified granulomas in bilateral hilar regions. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7146] normal cardiomediastinal contours. clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or large effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7147] normal cardiomediastinal contours. clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or large effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7148] the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is a single cardiac projecting over the right ventricle. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. cardiac projects over the right ventricle, without evidence of acute complication
[Record ID: OpenI-7149] the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged from prior examination. there are round calcific densities in the right lung consistent with prior granulomatous disease. otherwise, the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-7150] the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged from prior examination. there are round calcific densities in the right lung consistent with prior granulomatous disease. otherwise, the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
[Record ID: OpenI-7151] heart size near top normal, bilateral hilar fullness nonspecific in appearance, mild aortic ectasiatortuosity. diaphragm flattening and relative apical lucencies suggestive of emphysema, and irregular interstitial markings, right greater than left. prominent left epicardial fat, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. atrial septal occluder artifact. mild spine curvature. borderline heart size and abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern which may be compatible with chronic interstitial change, differential diagnosis is and includes asymmetric pulmonary edema, inflammation, atypical infection, infiltrative process. comparison with previous exams would be of. bilateral hilar fullness may indicate pulmonary hypertension and clinical correlation is recommended, differential diagnosis reactive lymphadenopathy, metastatic disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7152] heart size near top normal, bilateral hilar fullness nonspecific in appearance, mild aortic ectasiatortuosity. diaphragm flattening and relative apical lucencies suggestive of emphysema, and irregular interstitial markings, right greater than left. prominent left epicardial fat, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. atrial septal occluder artifact. mild spine curvature. borderline heart size and abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern which may be compatible with chronic interstitial change, differential diagnosis is and includes asymmetric pulmonary edema, inflammation, atypical infection, infiltrative process. comparison with previous exams would be of. bilateral hilar fullness may indicate pulmonary hypertension and clinical correlation is recommended, differential diagnosis reactive lymphadenopathy, metastatic disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7153] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7154] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7155] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7156] the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7157] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7158] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7159] there is a prominent calcified head to the right anterior first rib. the aorta is tortuous. there are tspine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7160] there is a prominent calcified head to the right anterior first rib. the aorta is tortuous. there are tspine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7161] heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. mild cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-7162] heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. mild cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-7163] the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest
[Record ID: OpenI-7164] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7165] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7166] no findings. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size. mild streaky opacities in the left base, atelectasis versus infiltrate. no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-7167] no findings. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size. mild streaky opacities in the left base, atelectasis versus infiltrate. no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema
[Record ID: OpenI-7168] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are hyperexpanded. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7169] the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are hyperexpanded. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7170] no findings. heart size is upper normal. tortuous and calcified aorta. no edema. bandlike left base and lingular opacities scarring or atelectasis. no lobar consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-7171] no findings. heart size is upper normal. tortuous and calcified aorta. no edema. bandlike left base and lingular opacities scarring or atelectasis. no lobar consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-7172] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-7173] the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-7174] there is flattening of hemidiaphragms. there are prominent interstitial markings. there is no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia. there are atherosclerotic institutions of the aorta. the heart is of the first limits of normal size. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragm suggesting copd. borderline enlarged heart. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7175] there is flattening of hemidiaphragms. there are prominent interstitial markings. there is no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia. there are atherosclerotic institutions of the aorta. the heart is of the first limits of normal size. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragm suggesting copd. borderline enlarged heart. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7176] there are bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes bilaterally. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable. there is an embolization overlying left upper quadrant. bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes representing airspace disease or edema
[Record ID: OpenI-7177] there are bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes bilaterally. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable. there is an embolization overlying left upper quadrant. bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes representing airspace disease or edema
[Record ID: OpenI-7178] heart size is normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures are intact. normal chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-7179] heart size is normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures are intact. normal chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-7180] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7181] the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7182] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-7183] 2 images. there is a poorly defined lung nodule in the right upper lobe measuring approximately 7 mm and partially superimposed upon anterior right second rib. otherwise, the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is normal. critical result notification documented through primordial. 7 mm right upper lobe lung nodule. recommend followup characterization with
[Record ID: OpenI-7184] 2 images. there is a poorly defined lung nodule in the right upper lobe measuring approximately 7 mm and partially superimposed upon anterior right second rib. otherwise, the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is normal. critical result notification documented through primordial. 7 mm right upper lobe lung nodule. recommend followup characterization with
[Record ID: OpenI-7185] no focal consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. exaggerated kyphosis with increased ap dimension of the thorax, curvilinear density projected over the right anterior 3rd and 4th ribs beyond which lung markings are seen skin fold artifact. mild aortic ectasiatortuosity, no typical mediastinal widening to suggest vascular injury. contour irregularity of the lateral right 9th rib of indeterminate age. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. ageindeterminate fracture of the right lateral 9th rib. if findings localize to this region, suspect acute fracture
[Record ID: OpenI-7186] no focal consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. exaggerated kyphosis with increased ap dimension of the thorax, curvilinear density projected over the right anterior 3rd and 4th ribs beyond which lung markings are seen skin fold artifact. mild aortic ectasiatortuosity, no typical mediastinal widening to suggest vascular injury. contour irregularity of the lateral right 9th rib of indeterminate age. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. ageindeterminate fracture of the right lateral 9th rib. if findings localize to this region, suspect acute fracture
[Record ID: OpenI-7187] small 3 mm rightsided pneumothorax only visible on the left lateral decubitus film. left lung is clear. normal cardiac contour. no evidence of pleural effusion. small 3 mm rightsided pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-7188] small 3 mm rightsided pneumothorax only visible on the left lateral decubitus film. left lung is clear. normal cardiac contour. no evidence of pleural effusion. small 3 mm rightsided pneumothorax
[Record ID: OpenI-7189] no unusual findings. no impression
[Record ID: OpenI-7190] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes in the spine. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7191] the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes in the spine. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7192] the examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal. unremarkable radiographs of the chest
[Record ID: OpenI-7193] normal cardiac contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. clear left lung. right middle lobe with increased opacities, representative of infiltrate. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. right middle lobe infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-7194] normal cardiac contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. clear left lung. right middle lobe with increased opacities, representative of infiltrate. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. right middle lobe infiltrate
[Record ID: OpenI-7195] the lungs appear clear. heart and pulmonary appear normal. mediastinal contours are normal. pleural spaces are clear. there appears to the contrast within small colonic diverticula in the splenic flexure region. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7196] the lungs appear clear. heart and pulmonary appear normal. mediastinal contours are normal. pleural spaces are clear. there appears to the contrast within small colonic diverticula in the splenic flexure region. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7197] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. probable old lateral right rib fractures. there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7198] normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. probable old lateral right rib fractures. there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7199] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-7200] cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings
[Record ID: OpenI-7201] low lung volumes bilaterally, with lungs otherwise grossly clear. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities identified. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7202] low lung volumes bilaterally, with lungs otherwise grossly clear. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities identified. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7203] no findings. hyperinflated appearing lungs as before with some stable slightly prominent appearing interstitial markings most representing mild chronic inflammatory change. stable biapical chronic inflammatory change with pleural thickening. no acute airspace disease, effusions, or chf. stable mediastinal contour. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph
[Record ID: OpenI-7204] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-7205] no unusual findings. comparison,. wellexpanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-7206] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7207] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7208] the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7209] clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal heart. trachea is midline. normal chest exam
[Record ID: OpenI-7210] the cardiac contours are normal. atherosclerotic aorta. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-7211] the cardiac contours are normal. atherosclerotic aorta. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process
[Record ID: OpenI-7212] sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-7213] sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs
[Record ID: OpenI-7214] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7215] the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7216] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-7217] cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-7218] heart size borderline enlarged. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no focal airspace disease. low lung volumes. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. mild degenerative disease of the thoracic spine. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7219] heart size borderline enlarged. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no focal airspace disease. low lung volumes. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. mild degenerative disease of the thoracic spine. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7220] lung volumes are mildly low. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size contour. no consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative disc change at the thoracic spine, no deformity. low lung volumes, no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-7221] lung volumes are mildly low. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size contour. no consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative disc change at the thoracic spine, no deformity. low lung volumes, no acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-7222] no findings. cardiomegaly with midlung and lower lobe edema. shunt catheter overlies the right anterior chest
[Record ID: OpenI-7223] no findings. cardiomegaly with midlung and lower lobe edema. shunt catheter overlies the right anterior chest
[Record ID: OpenI-7224] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size upper limits of normal, predominantly left ventricular contour visualized on lateral projection, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7225] the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size upper limits of normal, predominantly left ventricular contour visualized on lateral projection, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no acute pulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7226] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are multilevel degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7227] the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are multilevel degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7228] unchanged cardiomegaly. negative for pneumothorax or focal consolidation. no large effusion. mildly prominent interstitial opacities. stable cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary interstitial edema
[Record ID: OpenI-7229] unchanged cardiomegaly. negative for pneumothorax or focal consolidation. no large effusion. mildly prominent interstitial opacities. stable cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary interstitial edema
[Record ID: OpenI-7230] heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-7231] heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified
[Record ID: OpenI-7232] heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. aorta is mildly tortuous. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes in the spine. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-7233] heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. aorta is mildly tortuous. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes in the spine. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings
[Record ID: OpenI-7234] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7235] heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7236] lungs are hyperexpanded. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal. no change calcified left hilar and left small granuloma. change. copd with no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7237] lungs are hyperexpanded. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal. no change calcified left hilar and left small granuloma. change. copd with no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7238] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. scattered granulomatous changes. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. bony thorax is unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7239] lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. scattered granulomatous changes. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. bony thorax is unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7240] there is a moderate amount of retained contrast within the distal esophagus. there is no evidence of aspiration. a 0 cm nodule is present within the right hilum. no moderate to large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculature is normal. retained contrast in the distal esophagus. unchanged right hilar mass
[Record ID: OpenI-7241] there is a moderate amount of retained contrast within the distal esophagus. there is no evidence of aspiration. a 0 cm nodule is present within the right hilum. no moderate to large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculature is normal. retained contrast in the distal esophagus. unchanged right hilar mass
[Record ID: OpenI-7242] redemonstration of moderate left pneumothorax which is unchanged from comparison. left pleural catheter is again seen overlying the left upper lung at the level of the left 5th and 6th ribs. no focal consolidation. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. no change in moderate left pneumothorax with left pleural drainage catheter again seen overlying the left upper lung
[Record ID: OpenI-7243] redemonstration of moderate left pneumothorax which is unchanged from comparison. left pleural catheter is again seen overlying the left upper lung at the level of the left 5th and 6th ribs. no focal consolidation. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. no change in moderate left pneumothorax with left pleural drainage catheter again seen overlying the left upper lung
[Record ID: OpenI-7244] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7245] heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7246] normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7247] normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7248] the heart is normal in size. the aorta is tortuous. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation or pleural effusion seen. old rightsided rib fracture is noted. low lung volumes without acute infiltrate. aortic tortuosity and mild ectasia
[Record ID: OpenI-7249] the heart is normal in size. the aorta is tortuous. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation or pleural effusion seen. old rightsided rib fracture is noted. low lung volumes without acute infiltrate. aortic tortuosity and mild ectasia
[Record ID: OpenI-7250] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7251] the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal. negative for acute abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7252] lungs are hyperexpanded. no infiltrates or masses. the eventration of the left hemidiaphragm identified previously is largely unchanged since the previous computed tomogram. pulmonary are normal. findings of copd with no acute changes
[Record ID: OpenI-7253] lungs are hyperexpanded. no infiltrates or masses. the eventration of the left hemidiaphragm identified previously is largely unchanged since the previous computed tomogram. pulmonary are normal. findings of copd with no acute changes
[Record ID: OpenI-7254] there is redemonstration of an aicd in the left chest wall with intact stable placement. there are multiple intact sternotomy. there is persistent enlargement of cardiac silhouette. mediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. no visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. redemonstration of degenerative change in the thoracic spine. stable cardiomegaly without infiltrates
[Record ID: OpenI-7255] stable calcified superior mediastinal lymph. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7256] stable calcified superior mediastinal lymph. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
[Record ID: OpenI-7257] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-7258] heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process
[Record ID: OpenI-7259] the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is an 8mm nodule identified within the left lateral midlung partially overlying the posterior left 7th rib. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. left midlung pulmonary nodule. comparison to a previous would be most helpful alternatively a noncontrast chest ct could be performed in the nonemergent setting for further characterization. no acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7260] no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. no acute osseous injury demonstrated. no acute related findings. please note that nondisplaced fractures may not be demonstrated
[Record ID: OpenI-7261] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7262] cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7263] the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. pectus carinatum is noted. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. calcified granuloma are noted. vascular calcification is noted. hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. pectus carinatum. no evidence of acute disease
[Record ID: OpenI-7264] the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. pectus carinatum is noted. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. calcified granuloma are noted. vascular calcification is noted. hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. pectus carinatum. no evidence of acute disease
